ACROSS THE PACIFIC BY RAFT 





















Kon-Tiki Across the Pacific by Raft 



Thor Heyerdahl 




Copyright © 2010 by Skyhorse Publishing, Inc. 



All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in 
any manner without the express written consent of the publisher, 
except in the case of brief excerpts in critical reviews or articles. 
All inquiries should be addressed to Skyhorse Publishing, 555 
Eighth Avenue, Suite 903, New York, NY 10018. 



Skyhorse Publishing books may be purchased in bulk at special 
discounts for sales promotion, corporate gifts, fund-raising, or 
educational purposes. Special editions can also be created to 
specifications. For details, contact the Special Sales Department, 
Skyhorse Publishing, 555 Eighth Avenue, Suite 903, New York, 
NY 10018 or info@skyhorsepublishing.com. 



www.skyhorsepublishing.com 



10 98765432 1 



Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data 



Heyerdahl, Thor. [Kon-Tiki ekspedisjonen. English.] 

Kon-Tiki : across the Pacific by raft / by Thor Heyerdahl, p. cm. 
Includes index. 

9781602397958 

1. Heyerdahl, Thor. 2. Kon-Tiki ekspedisjonen (1947) 3. Ethnology 
— Polynesia. 4. Pacific Ocean. I. Title. 

G530.H47H4913 2009 

910.9164— dc22 



2009040069 



Printed in the United States of America 




Table of Contents 



Title Page 
Copyright Page 

1 - A THEORY 

2 - AN EXPEDITION IS BORN 

3 - TO SOUTH AMERICA 

4 - ACROSS THE PACIFIC 

5 - HALFWAY 

6 - ACROSS THE PACIFIC 

7 - TO THE SOUGH SEA ISLANDS 

8 - AMONG POLYNESIANS 
APPENDIX 

INDEX 



1 



A THEORY 

Retrospect - 

The Old Man on Fatu Hiva — 

Wind and Current — Hunting for Tiki — 
Who Peopled Polynesia? — 

Riddle of the South Seas — 

Theories and Facts — 

Legend ofKon-Tiki 

and the Mysterious White Men — 

War Comes 



A Theory 



ONCE IN A WHILE YOU FIND YOURSELF IN AN ODD 
situation. You get into it by degrees and in the most natural way 
but, when you are right in the midst of it, you are suddenly 




astonished and ask yourself how in the world it all came about. 

If, for example, you put to sea on a wooden raft with a parrot 
and five companions, it is inevitable that sooner or later you will 
wake up one morning out at sea, perhaps a little better rested than 
ordinarily, and begin to think about it. 

On one such morning I sat writing in a dew-drenched logbook: 

— May 17. Norwegian Independence Day. Heavy sea. Fair 
wind. I am cook today and found seven flying fish on deck, one 
squid on the cabin roof and one unknown fish in Torstein s 
sleeping bag. . . . 

Here the pencil stopped, and the same thought interjected itself: 
This is really a queer seventeenth of May — indeed, taken all round, 
a most peculiar existence. How did it all begin? a 

If I turned left, I had an unimpeded view of a vast blue sea with 
hissing waves, rolling by close at hand in an endless pursuit of an 
ever retreating horizon. If I turned right, I saw the inside of a 
shadowy cabin in which a bearded individual was lying on his 
back reading Goethe with his bare toes carefully dug into the 
latticework in the low bamboo roof of the crazy little cabin that 
was our common home. 

“Bengt,” I said, pushing away the green parrot that wanted to 
perch on the logbook, “can you tell me how the hell we came to be 
doing this?” 

Goethe sank down under the red-gold beard. 

“The devil I do; you know best yourself. It was your damned 




idea, but I think it’s grand.” 

He moved his toes three bars up and went on reading Goethe 
unperturbed. Outside the cabin three other fellows were working 
in the roasting sun on the bamboo deck. They were half-naked, 
brown- skinned, and bearded, with stripes of salt down their backs 
and looking as if they had never done anything else than float 
wooden rafts westward across the Pacific. Erik came crawling in 
through the opening with his sextant and a pile of papers. 

“98° 46' west by 8° 2' south — a good day’s run since yesterday, 
chaps!” 

He took my pencil and drew a tiny circle on a chart which hung 
on the bamboo wall — a tiny circle at the end of a chain of nineteen 
circles that curved across from the port of Callao on the coast of 
Peru. Herman, Knut, and Torstein too came eagerly crowding in to 
see the new little circle that placed us a good 40 sea miles nearer 
the South Sea islands than the last in the chain. 

“Do you see, boys?” said Herman proudly. “That means we’re 
850 sea miles from the coast of Peru.” 

“And we’ve got another 3,500 to go to get to the nearest 
islands,” Knut added cautiously. 

“And to be quite precise,” said Torstein, “we’re 15,000 feet 
above the bottom of the sea and a few fathoms below the moon.” 

So now we all knew exactly where we were, and I could go on 
speculating as to why. The parrot did not care; he only wanted to 
tug at the log. And the sea was just as round, just as sky-encircled, 
blue upon blue. 




Perhaps the whole thing had begun the winter before, in the 
office of a New York museum. Or perhaps it had already begun 
ten years earlier, on a little island in the Marquesas group in the 
middle of the Pacific. Maybe we would land on the same island 
now, unless the northeast wind sent us farther south in the 
direction of Tahiti and the Tuamotu group. I could see the little 
island clearly in my mind’s eye, with its jagged rust-red mountains, 
the green jungle which flowed down their slopes toward the sea, 
and the slender palms that waited and waved along the shore. The 
island was called Fatu Hiva; there was no land between it and us 
where we lay drifting, but nevertheless it was thousands of sea 
miles away. I saw the narrow Ouia Valley, where it opened out 
toward the sea, and remembered so well how we sat there on the 
lonely beach and looked out over this same endless sea, evening 
after evening. I was accompanied by my wife then, not by bearded 
pirates as now. We were collecting all kinds of live creatures, and 
images and other relics of a dead culture. 

I remembered very well one particular evening. The civilized 
world seemed incomprehensibly remote and unreal. We had lived 
on the island for nearly a year, the only white people there; we had 
of our own will forsaken the good things of civilization along with 
its evils. We lived in a hut we had built for ourselves, on piles 
under the palms down by the shore, and ate what the tropical 
woods and the Pacific had to offer us. 

On that particular evening we sat, as so often before, down on 
the beach in the moonlight, with the sea in front of us. Wide awake 
and filled with the romance that surrounded us, we let no 
impression escape us. We filled our nostrils with an aroma of rank 




jungle and salt sea and heard the wind’s rustle in leaves and palm 
tops. At regular intervals all other noises were drowned by the 
great breakers that rolled straight in from the sea and rushed in 
foaming over the land till they were broken up into circles of froth 
among the shore boulders. There was a roaring and rustling and 
rumbling among millions of glistening stones, till all grew quiet 
again when the sea water had withdrawn to gather strength for a 
new attack on the invincible coast. 

“It’s queer,” said my wife, “but there are never breakers like this 
on the other side of the island.” 

“No,” said I, “but this is the windward side; there’s always a sea 
running on this side.” 

We kept on sitting there and admiring the sea which, it seemed, 
was loath to give up demonstrating that here it came rolling in 
from eastward, eastward, eastward. It was the eternal east wind, 
the trade wind, which had disturbed the sea’s surface, dug it up, 
and rolled it forward, up over the eastern horizon and over here to 
the islands. Here the unbroken advance of the sea was finally 
shattered against cliffs and reefs, while the east wind simply rose 
above coast and woods and mountains and continued westward 
unhindered, from island to island, toward the sunset. 

So had the ocean swells and the lofty clouds above them rolled 
up over the same eastern horizon since the morning of time. The 
first natives who reached these islands knew well enough that this 
was so, and so did the present islanders. The long-range ocean 
birds kept to the eastward on their daily fishing trips to be able to 
return with the eastern wind at night when the belly was full and 




the wings tired. Even trees and flowers were wholly dependent on 
the rain produced by the eastern winds, and all the vegetation grew 
accordingly And we knew by ourselves, as we sat there, that far, 
far below that eastern horizon, where the clouds came up, lay the 
open coast of South America. There was nothing but 4,000 miles 
of open sea between. 

We gazed at the driving clouds and the heaving moonlit sea, and 
we listened to an old man who squatted half-naked before us and 
stared down into the dying glow from a little smoldering fire. 

“Tiki,” the old man said quietly, “he was both god and chief. It 
was Tiki who brought my ancestors to these islands where we live 
now. Before that we lived in a big country beyond the sea.” 

He poked the coals with a stick to keep them from going out. 
The old man sat thinking. He lived for ancient times and was 
firmly fettered to them. He worshiped his forefathers and their 
deeds in an unbroken line back to the time of the gods. And he 
looked forward to being reunited with them. Old Tei Tetua was the 
sole survivor of all the extinct tribes on the east coast of Fatu Hiva. 
How old he was he did not know, but his wrinkled, bark-brown, 
leathery skin looked as if it had been dried in sun and wind for a 
hundred years. He was one of the few on these islands that still 
remembered and believed in his father’s and his grandfather’s 
legendary stories of the great Polynesian chief-god Tiki, son of the 
sun. 

When we crept to bed that night in our little pile hut, old Tei 
Tetua’s stories of Tiki and the islanders’ old home beyond the sea 
continued to haunt my brain, accompanied by the muffled roar of 




the surf in the distance. It sounded like a voice from far-off times, 
which, it seemed, had something it wanted to tell, out there in the 
night. I could not sleep. It was as though time no longer existed, 
and Tiki and his seafarers were just landing in the surf on the 
beach below. A thought suddenly struck me and I said to my wife: 
“Have you noticed that the huge stone figures of Tiki in the jungle 
are remarkably like the monoliths left by extinct civilizations in 
South America?” 

I felt sure that a roar of agreement came from the breakers. And 

then they slowly subsided while I slept. 

• • • 

So, perhaps, the whole thing began. So began, in any case, a 
whole series of events which finally landed the six of us and a 
green parrot on board a raft off the coast of South America. 

I remember how I shocked my father and amazed my mother 
and my friends when I came back to Norway and handed over my 
glass jars of beetles and fish from Fatu Hiva to the University 
Zoological Museum. I wanted to give up animal studies and tackle 
primitive peoples. The unsolved mysteries of the South Seas had 
fascinated me. There must be a rational solution of them, and I had 
made my objective the identification of the legendary hero Tiki. 

In the years that followed, breakers and jungle ruins were a kind 
of remote, unreal dream which formed the background and 
accompaniment to my studies of the Pacific peoples. Although the 
thoughts and inclmations of primitive man can never be rightly 
judged by an armchair student, yet he can, in his library 
bookshelves, travel wider beyond time and horizons than can any 
modern outdoor explorer. Scientific works, journals from the time 



of the earliest explorations, and endless collections in museums in 
Europe and America offered a wealth of material for use in the 
puzzle I wanted to try to put together. Since our own race first 
reached the Pacific islands after the discovery of South America, 
investigators in all branches of science have collected an almost 
bottomless store of information about the inhabitants of the South 
Seas and all the peoples living round about them. But there has 
never been any agreement as to the origin of this isolated island 
people, or the reason why this type is only found scattered over all 
the solitary islands in the eastern part of the Pacific. 

When the first Europeans at last ventured to cross this greatest 
of all oceans, they discovered to their amazement that right out in 
the midst of it lay a number of small mountainous islands and flat 
coral reefs, isolated from each other and from the world in general 
by vast areas of sea. And every single one of these islands was 
already inhabited by people who had come there before them — 
tall, handsome people who met them on the beach with dogs and 
pigs and fowl. Where had they come from? They talked a language 
which no other tribe knew. And the men of our race, who boldly 
called themselves the discoverers of the islands, found cultivated 
fields and villages with temples and huts on every single habitable 
island. On some islands, indeed, they found old pyramids, paved 
roads, and carven stone statues as high as a four-story house. But 
the explanation of the whole mystery was lacking. Who were these 
people, and where had they come from? 

One can safely say that the answers to these riddles have been 
nearly as many in number as the works which have treated of 
them. Specialists in different fields have put forward quite 




different solutions, but their affirmations have always been 
disproved later by logical arguments from experts who have 
worked along other lines. Malaya, India, China, Japan, Arabia, 
Egypt, the Caucasus, Atlantis, even Germany and Norway, have 
been seriously championed as the Polynesians’ homeland. But 
every time some obstacle of a decisive character has appeared and 
put the whole problem into the melting pot again. 

And where science stopped, imagination began. The mysterious 
monoliths on Easter Island, and all the other relics of unknown 
origin on this tiny island, lying in complete solitude halfway 
between the easternmost Pacific islands and the coast of South 
America, gave rise to all sorts of speculations. Many observed that 
the finds on Easter Island recalled in many ways the relics of the 
prehistoric civilizations of South America. Perhaps there had once 
been a bridge of land over the sea, and this had sunk? Perhaps 
Easter Island, and all the other South Sea islands which had 
monuments of the same kind, were remains of a sunken continent 
left exposed above the sea? 

This has been a popular theory and an acceptable explanation 
among laymen, but geologists and other scientists do not favor it. 
Zoologists, moreover, prove quite simply, from the study of insects 
and snails on the South Sea islands, that throughout the history of 
mankind these islands have been completely isolated from one 
another and from the continents round them, exactly as they are 
today. 

We know, therefore, with absolute certainty that the original 
Polynesian race must at some time, willingly or unwillingly, have 
come drifting or sailing to these remote islands. And a closer look 




at the inhabitants of the South Seas shows that it cannot have been 
very many centuries since they came. For, even if the Polynesians 
live scattered over an area of sea four times as large as the whole 
of Europe, nevertheless they have not managed to develop 
different languages in the different islands. It is thousands of sea 
miles from Hawaii in the north to New Zealand in the south, from 
Samoa in the west to Easter Island in the east, yet all these isolated 
tribes speak dialects of a common language which we have called 
Polynesian. 

Writing was unknown in all the islands, except for a few 
wooden tablets bearing incomprehensible hieroglyphs which the 
natives preserved on Easter Island, though neither they themselves 
nor anyone else could read them. But they had schools, and the 
poetical teaching of history was their most important function, for 
in Polynesia history was the same as religion. The people were 
ancestor-worshipers; they worshiped their dead chiefs all the way 
back to Tiki’s time, and of Tiki himself it was said that he was son 
of the sun. 

On almost every island learned men could enumerate the names 
of all the island’s chiefs back to the time when it was first peopled. 
To assist their memories they often used a complicated system of 
knots on twisted strings, as the Inca Indians did in Peru. Modern 
scientists have collected all these local genealogies from the 
different islands and found that they agree with one another with 
astonishing exactness, both in names and number of generations. It 
has been discovered in this way, by taking an average Polynesian 
generation to represent twenty-five years, that the South Sea 
islands were not peopled before about 500 A.D. A new cultural 




wave with a new string of ehiefs shows that another and still later 
migration reached the same islands as late as about 1100 A.D. 

Where could such late migrations have come from? Very few 
investigators seem to have taken into consideration the decisive 
factor that the people which came to the islands at so late a date 
was a pure Stone Age people. Despite their intelligence and, in all 
other respects, astonishingly high culture, these seafarers brought 
with them a certain type of stone ax and a quantity of other 
characteristic Stone Age tools and spread these over all the islands 
to which they came. We must not forget that, apart from single 
isolated peoples, inhabiting primeval forests, and certain backward 
races, there were no cultures in the world of any reproductive 
capacity which were still at the Stone Age level in 500 or 1100 
A.D., except in the New World. There even the highest Indian 
civilizations were totally ignorant at least of the uses of iron, and 
used stone axes and tools of the same type as those used in the 
South Sea islands right up to the time of the explorations. 

These numerous Indian civilizations were the Polynesians’ 
nearest neighbors to the east. To westward there lived only the 
black-skinned primitive peoples of Australia and Melanesia, distant 
relations of the Negroes, and beyond them again were Indonesia 
and the coast of Asia, where the Stone Age lay farther back in 
time, perhaps, than anywhere else in the world. 

Thus both my suspicions and my attention were turned more 
and more away from the Old World, where so many had searched 
and none had found, and over to the known and unknown Indian 
civilizations of America, which no one hitherto had taken into 
consideration. And on the nearest coast due east, where today the 




South American republic of Peru stretches from the Pacific up into 
the mountains, there was no lack of traces if one only looked for 
them. Here an unknown people had once lived and established one 
of the world’s strangest civilizations, till suddenly, long ago, they 
had vanished as though swept away from the earth’s surface. They 
left behind them enormous stone statues carved in the image of 
human beings, which recalled those on Pitcairn, the Marquesas, 
and Easter Island, and huge pyramids built in steps like those on 
Tahiti and Samoa. They hewed out of the mountains, with stone 
axes, stone blocks as large as railway cars and heavier than 
elephants, transported them for miles about the countryside, and 
set them up on end or placed them on top of one another to form 
gateways, huge walls, and terraces, exactly as we find them on 
some of the islands in the Pacific. 

The Inca Indians had their great empire in this mountain country 
when the first Spaniards came to Peru. They told the Spaniards 
that the colossal monuments that stood deserted about the 
landscape were erected by a race of white gods which had lived 
there before the Incas themselves became rulers. These vanished 
architects were described as wise, peaceful instructors, who had 
originally come from the north, long ago in the morning of time, 
and had taught the Incas’ primitive forefathers architecture and 
agriculture as well as manners and customs. They were unlike 
other Indians in having white skins and long beards; they were 
also taller than the Incas. Finally they left Peru as suddenly as they 
had come; the Incas themselves took over power in the country, 
and the white teachers vanished forever from the coast of South 
America and fled westward across the Pacific. 




Now it happened that, when the Europeans came to the Pacific 
islands, they were quite astonished to find that many of the natives 
had almost white skins and were bearded. On many of the islands 
there were whole families conspicuous for their remarkably pale 
skins, hair varying from reddish to blonde, blue-gray eyes, and 
almost Semitic, hook-nosed faces. In contrast to these the genuine 
Polynesians had golden-brown skins, raven hair, and rather flat, 
pulpy noses. The red-haired individuals called themselves urukehu 
and said that they were directly descended from the first chiefs on 
the islands, who were still white gods, such as Tangaroa, Kane, 
and Tiki. Legends of mysterious white men, from whom the 
islanders were originally descended, were current all over 
Polynesia. When Roggeveen discovered Easter Island in 1722, he 
noticed to his surprise what he termed “white men” among those 
on shore. And the people of Easter Island could themselves count 
up those of their ancestors who were white-skinned right back to 
the time of Tiki and Hotu Matua, when they first came sailing 
across the sea “from a mountainous land in the east which was 
scorched by the sun.” 

As I pursued my search, I found in Peru surprising traces in 
culture, mythology, and language which impelled me to go on 
digging ever deeper and with greater concentration in my attempt 
to identify the place of origin of the Polynesian tribal god Tiki. 

And I found what I hoped for. I was sitting reading the Inca 
legends of the sun-king Virakocha, who was the supreme head of 
the mythical white people in Peru. I read: 

.... Virakocha is an Inca (Ketchua) name and consequently of 
fairly recent date. The original name of the sun-god Virakocha, 




which seems to have been more used in Peru in old times, was 
Kon-Tiki or Illa-Tiki, which means Sun-Tiki or Fire-Tiki. Kon- 
Tiki was high priest and sun-king of the Incas’ legendary ‘white 
men’ who had left the enormous ruins on the shores of Lake 
Titicaca. The legend runs that the mysterious white men with 
beards were attacked by a chief named Cari who came from the 
Coquimbo Valley. In a battle on an island in Lake Titicaca the fair 
race was massacred, but Kon-Tiki himself and his closest 
companions escaped and later came down to the Pacific coast, 
whence they finally disappeared oversea to the westward.... 

I was no longer in doubt that the white chief-god Sun-Tiki, 
whom the Incas declared that their forefathers had driven out of 
Peru on to the Pacific, was identical with the white chief-god Tiki, 
son of the sun, whom the inhabitants of all the eastern Pacific 
islands hailed as the original founder of their race. And the details 
of Sun-Tiki’s life in Peru, with the ancient names of places round 
Lake Titicaca, cropped up again in historic legends current among 
the natives of the Pacific islands. 

But all over Polynesia I found indications that Kon-Tiki’s 
peaceable race had not been able to hold the islands alone for long. 
Indications that seagoing war canoes, as large as Viking ships and 
lashed together two and two, had brought Northwest Indians from 
the New World across the sea to Hawaii and farther south to all the 
other islands. They had mingled their blood with that of Kon- 
Tiki’s race and brought a new civilization to the island kingdom. 
This was the second Stone Age people that came to Polynesia, 
without metals, without the potter’s art, without wheel or loom or 
cereal cultivation, about 1100 A.D. 




So it came about that I was excavating rock carvings in the 

ancient Polynesian style among the Northwest Coast Indians in 

British Columbia when the Germans burst into Norway in 1940. 

* * * 

Right face, left face, about face. Washing barracks stairs, 
polishing boots, radio school, parachute — and at last a Murmansk 
convoy to Finnmark, where the war-god of technique reigned in 
the sun-god’s absence all the dark winter through. 

Peace came. And one day my theory was complete. I must go to 
America and put it forward. 



2 



AN EXPEDITION IS BORN 

Among Specialists — The Turning Point — 

At the Sailors 'Home — 

Last Resource — Explorers Club — 

The New Equipment — I Find a Companion — 

A Triumvirate — 

One Painter and Two Saboteurs — 

To Washington — 

Conference at the War Department — 

To Q.M. G. with Desiderata- 
Money Problems — 

With Diplomats at UN — 

We Fly to Ecuador 

An Expedition Is Born 



SO IT HAD BEGUN, BY A FIRE ON A SOUTH SEA ISEAND, 




where an old native sat telling legends and stories of his tribe. 
Many years later I sat with another old man, this time in a dark 
office on one of the upper floors of a big museum in New York. 

Round us, in well-arranged glass cases, lay pottery fragments 
from the past, traces leading into the mists of antiquity. The walls 
were lined with books. Some of them one man had written and 
hardly ten men had read. The old man, who had read all these 
books and written some of them, sat behind his worktable, white- 
haired and good-humored. But now, for sure, I had trodden on his 
toes, for he gripped the arms of his chair uneasily and looked as if 
I had interrupted him in a game of solitaire. 

‘‘No!” he said. “Never!” 

I imagine that Santa Claus would have looked as he did then if 
someone had dared to affirm that next year Christmas would be on 
Midsummer Day. 

“You’re wrong, absolutely wrong,” he said and shook his head 
indignantly to drive out the idea. 

“But you haven’t read my arguments yet,” I urged, nodding 
hopefully toward the manuscript which lay on the table. 

“Arguments!” he repeated. “You can’t treat ethnographic 
problems as a sort of detective mystery!” 

“Why not?” I said. “I’ve based all the conclusions on my own 
observations and the facts that science has recorded.” 

“The task of science is investigation pure and simple,” he said 
quietly. “Not to try to prove this or that.” 




He pushed the unopened manuseript carefully to one side and 
leaned over the table. 

“It’s quite true that South America was the home of some of the 
most curious civilizations of antiquity, and that we know neither 
who they were nor where they vanished when the Incas came into 
power. But one thing we do know for certain — that none of the 
peoples of South America got over to the islands in the Pacific.” 

He looked at me searchingly and continued: 

“Do you know why? The answer’s simple enough. They 
couldn’t get there. They had no boats!” 

“They had rafts,” I objected hesitatingly. “You know, balsa-wood 
rafts.” 

The old man smiled and said calmly: 

“Well, you can try a trip from Peru to the Pacific islands on a 
balsa-wood raft.” 

I could find nothing to say. It was getting late. We both rose. The 
old scientist patted me kindly on the shoulder, as he saw me out, 
and said that if I wanted help I had only to come to him. But I 
must in future specialize on Polynesia or America and not mix up 
two separate anthropological areas. He reached back over the table. 

“You’ve forgotten this,” he said and handed back my 
manuscript. I glanced at the title, “Polynesia and America; A Study 
of Prehistoric Relations.” I stuck the manuscript under my arm and 
clattered down the stairs out into the crowds in the street. 

That evening I went down and knocked on the door of an old 




flat in an out-of-the-way corner of Greenwich Village. I liked 
bringing my little problems down here when I felt they had made 
life a bit tangled. 

A sparse little man with a long nose opened the door a crack 
before he threw it wide open with a broad smile and pulled me in. 
He took me straight into the little kitchen, where he set me to work 
carrying plates and forks while he himself doubled the quantity of 
the indefinable but savory-smelling concoction he was heating 
over the gas. 

“Nice of you to come,” he said. “How goes it?” 

“Rottenly,” I replied. “No one will read the manuscript.” 

He filled the plates and we attacked the contents. 

“It’s like this,” he said. “All the people you’ve been to see think 
it’s just a passing idea you’ve got. You know, here in America, 
people turn up with so many queer ideas.” 

“And there’s another thing,” I went on. 

“Yes,” said he. “Your way of approaching the problem. They’re 
specialists, the whole lot of them, and they don’t believe in a 
method of work which cuts into every field of science from botany 
to archaeology. They limit their own scope in order to be able to 
dig in the depths with more concentration for details. Modern 
research demands that every special branch shall dig in its own 
hole. It’s not usual for anyone to sort out what comes up out of the 
holes and try to put it all together.” 

He rose and reached for a heavy manuscript. 




“Look here,” he said. “My last work on bird designs in Chinese 
peasant embroidery. Took me seven years, but it was accepted for 
publication at once. They want specialized research nowadays.” 

Carl was right. But to solve the problems of the Pacific without 
throwing light on them from all sides was, it seemed to me, like 
doing a puzzle and only using the pieces of one color. 

We cleared the table, and I helped him wash and dry the dishes. 

“Nothing new from the university in Chicago?” 

“No.” 

“But what did your old friend at the museum say today?” 

“He wasn’t interested, either,” I muttered. “He said that, as long 
as the Indians had only open rafts, it was futile to consider the 
possibility of their having discovered the Pacific islands.” 

The little man suddenly began to dry his plate furiously. 

“Yes,” he said at last. ‘To tell the truth, to me too that seems a 
practical objection to your theory.” 

I looked gloomily at the little ethnologist whom I had thought to 
be a sworn ally. 

“But don’t misunderstand me,” he hastened to say. “In one way I 
think you’re right, but in another way it’s so incomprehensible. My 
work on designs supports your theory.” 

“Carl,” I said. “I’m so sure the Indians crossed the Pacific on 
their rafts that I’m willing to build a raft of the same kind myself 
and cross the sea just to prove that it’s possible.” “You’re mad!” 




My friend took it for a joke and laughed, half-scared at the 
thought. 

“You’re mad! A raft?” 

He did not know what to say and only stared at me with a queer 
expression, as though waiting for a smile to show that I was 
joking. 

He did not get one. I saw now that in practice no one would 
accept my theory because of the apparently endless stretch of sea 
between Peru and Polynesia, which I was trying to bridge with no 
other aid than a prehistoric raft. 

Carl looked at me uncertainly. “Now we’ll go out and have a 

drink,” he said. We went out and had four. 

• * • 

My rent became due that week. At the same time a letter from 
the Bank of Norway informed me that I could have no more 
dollars. Currency restrictions. I picked up my trunk and took the 
subway out to Brooklyn. Here I was taken in at the Norwegian 
Sailors’ Home, where the food was good and sustaining and the 
prices suited my wallet. I got a little room a floor or two up but 
had my meals with all the seamen in a big dining room downstairs. 

Seamen came and seamen went. They varied in type, 
dimensions, and degrees of sobriety but they all had one thing in 
common — ^when they talked about the sea, they knew what they 
were talking about. I learned that waves and rough sea did not 
increase with the depth of the sea or distance from land. On the 
contrary, squalls were often more treacherous along the coast than 
in the open sea. Shoal water, backwash along the coast, or ocean 



currents penned in close to the land could throw up a rougher sea 
than was usual far out. A vessel which could hold her own along 
an open coast could hold her own farther out. I also learned that, 
in a high sea, big ships were inclined to plunge bow or stern into 
the waves, so that tons of water would rush on board and twist 
steel tubes like wire, while a small boat, in the same sea, often 
made good weather because she could find room between the lines 
of waves and dance freely over them like a gull. I talked to sailors 
who had got safely away in boats after the seas had made their ship 
founder. 

But the men knew little about rafts. A raft — that wasn’t a ship; it 
had no keel or bulwarks. It was just something floating on which 
to save oneself in an emergency, until one was picked up by a boat 
of some kind. One of the men, nevertheless, had great respect for 
rafts in the open sea; he had drifted about on one for three weeks 
when a German torpedo sank his ship in mid- Atlantic. 

“But you can’t navigate a raft,” he added. “It goes sideways and 
backward and round as the wind takes it.” 

In the library I dug out records left by the first Europeans who 
had reached the Pacific coast of South America. There was no lack 
of sketches or descriptions of the Indians’ big balsa wood rafts. 
They had a square sail and centerboard and a long steering oar 
astern. So they could be maneuvered. 

Weeks passed at the Sailors’ Home. No reply from Chicago or 
the other cities to which I had sent copies of my theory. No one 
had read it. 

Then, one Saturday, I pulled myself together and marched into a 




ship chandler’s shop down in Water Street. There I was politely 
addressed as “Captain” when I bought a pilot chart of the Pacific. 
With the chart rolled up under my arm I took the suburban train 
out to Ossining, where I was a regular week-end guest of a young 
Norwegian married couple who had a charming place in the 
country. My host had been a sea captain and was now office 
manager for the Fred Olsen Line in New York. 

After a refreshing plunge in the swimming pool city life was 
completely forgotten for the rest of the week end, and when 
Ambjorg brought the cocktail tray, we sat down on the lawn in the 
hot sun. I could contain myself no longer but spread the chart out 
on the grass and asked Wilhelm if he thought a raft could carry 
men alive from Peru to the South Sea islands. 

He looked at me rather than at the chart, half taken aback, but 
replied at once in the affirmative. I felt as much lightened as if I 
had released a balloon inside my shirt, for I knew that to Wilhelm 
everything that had to do with navigation and sailing was both job 
and hobby. He was initiated into my plans at once. To my 
astonishment he then declared that the idea was sheer madness. 

“But you said just now that you thought it was possible,” I 
interrupted. 

“Quite right,” he admitted. “But the chances of its going wrong 
are just as great. You yourself have never been on a balsa raft, and 
all of a sudden you’re imagining yourself across the Pacific on 
one. Perhaps it’ll come off, perhaps it won’t. The old Indians in 
Peru had generations of experience to build upon. Perhaps ten 
rafts went to the bottom for every one that got across — or perhaps 




hundreds in the eourse of centuries. As you say, the Incas 
navigated in the open sea with whole flotillas of these balsa rafts. 
Then, if anything went wrong, they could be picked up by the 
nearest raft. But who’s going to pick you up, out in mid-ocean? 
Even if you take a radio for use in an emergency, don’t think it’s 
going to be easy for a little raft to be located down among the 
waves thousands of miles from land. In a storm you can be 
washed off the raft and drowned many times over before anyone 
gets to you. You’d better wait quietly here till someone has had 
time to read your manuscript. Write again and stir them up; it’s no 
good if you don’t.” 

“I can’t wait any longer now; I shan’t have a cent left soon.” 

“Then you can come and stay with us. For that matter, how can 
you think of starting an expedition from South America without 
money?” 

“It’s easier to interest people in an expedition than in an unread 
manuscript.” 

“But what can you gain by it?” 

“Destroy one of the weightiest arguments against the theory, 
quite apart from the fact that science will pay some attention to the 
affair.” 

“But if things go wrong?” 

“Then I shan’t have proved anything.” 

“Then you’d ruin your own theory in the eyes of everyone, 
wouldn’t you?” 




“Perhaps, but all the same one in ten might have got through 
before us, as you said.” 

The children came out to play croquet, and we did not discuss 
the matter any more that day 

The next week end I was back at Ossining with the chart under 
my arm. And, when I left, there was a long pencil line from the 
coast of Peru to the Tuamotu islands in the Pacific. My friend, the 
captain, had given up hope of making me drop the idea, and we 
had sat together for hours working out the raft’s probable speed. 

“Ninety-seven days,” said Wilhelm, “but remember that’s only in 
theoretically ideal conditions, with a fair wind all the time and 
assuming that the raft can really sail as you think it can. You must 
definitely allow at least four months for the trip and be prepared 
for a good deal more.” 

“All right,” I said optimistically, “let us allow at least four 
months, but do it in ninety-seven days.” 

The little room at the Sailors’ Home seemed twice as cozy as 
usual when I came home that evening and sat down on the edge of 
the bed with the chart. I paced out the floor as exactly as the bed 
and chest of drawers gave me room to do. Oh, yes, the raft would 
be much larger than this. I leaned out of the window to get a 
glimpse of the great city’s remote starry sky, only visible right 
overhead between the high yard walls. If there was little room on 
board the raft, anyhow there would be room for the sky and all its 
stars above us. 



On West Seventy- Second Street, near Central Park, is one of the 




most exclusive clubs in New York. There is nothing more than a 
brightly polished little brass plate with “Explorers Club” on it to 
tell passers-by that there is anything out of the ordinary inside the 
doors. But, once inside, one might have made a parachute jump 
into a strange world, thousands of miles from New York’s lines of 
motorcars flanked by skyscrapers. When the door to New York is 
shut behind one, one is swallowed up in an atmosphere of lion- 
hunting, mountaineering, and polar life. Trophies of hippopotamus 
and deer, big-game rifles, tusks, war drums and spears, Indian 
carpets, idols and model ships, flags, photographs and maps, 
surround the members of the club when they assemble for a dinner 
or to hear lecturers from distant countries. 

After my journey to the Marquesas Islands I had been elected an 
active member of the club, and as junior member I had seldom 
missed a meeting when I was in town. So, when I now entered the 
club on a rainy November evening, I was not a little surprised to 
find the place in an unusual state. In the middle of the floor lay an 
inflated rubber raft with boat rations and accessories, while 
parachutes, rubber overalls, safety jackets, and polar equipment 
covered walls and tables, together with balloons for water 
distillation, and other curious inventions. A newly elected member 
of the club. Colonel Haskin, of the equipment laboratory of the Air 
Material Command, was to give a lecture and demonstrate a 
number of new military inventions which, he thought, would in 
the future be of use to scientific expeditions in both north and 
south. 

After the lecture there was a vigorous discussion. The well- 
known Danish polar explorer Peter Freuchen, tall and bulky, rose 




with a skeptical shake of his huge beard. He had no faith in such 
new-fangled patents. He himself had once used a rubber boat and 
bag tent on one of his Greenland expeditions instead of an Eskimo 
kayak and igloo, and it had all but cost him his life. First he had 
nearly been frozen to death in a snowstorm because the zipper 
fastening of the tent had frozen up so that he could not even get in. 
And after that he had been out fishing when the hook caught in the 
inflated rubber boat, and the boat was punctured and sank under 
him like a bit of rag. He and an Eskimo friend had managed to get 
ashore that time in a kayak which came to their help. He was sure 
no clever modern inventor could sit in his laboratory and think out 
anything better than what the experience of thousands of years had 
taught the Eskimos to use in their own regions. 

The discussion ended with a surprising offer from Colonel 
Haskin. Active members of the club could, on their next 
expeditions, select any they liked of the new inventions he had 
demonstrated, on the sole condition that they should let his 
laboratory know what they thought of the things when they came 
back. 

That was that. I was the last to leave the clubrooms that evening. 
I had to go over every minute detail of all this brand-new 
equipment which had so suddenly tumbled into my hands and 
which was at my disposal for the asking. It was exactly what I 
wanted — equipment with which we could try to save our lives if, 
contrary to expectation, our wooden raft should show signs of 
breaking up and we had no other rafts near by. 

All this equipment was still occupying my thoughts at the 
breakfast table in the Sailors’ Home next morning when a well- 




dressed young man of athletic build came along with his breakfast 
tray and sat down at the same table as myself. We began to chat, 
and it appeared that he too was not a seaman but a university- 
trained engineer from Trondheim, who was in America to buy 
machinery parts and obtain experience in refrigerating technique. 
He was living not far away and often had meals at the Sailors’ 
Home because of the good Norwegian cooking there. 

He asked me what I was doing, and I then gave him a short 
account of my plans. I said that, if I did not get a definite answer 
about my manuscript before the end of the week, I should get 
under way with the starting of the raft expedition. My table 
companion did not say much but listened with great interest. 

Four days later we ran across each other again in the same 
dining room. 

“Have you decided whether you’re going on your trip or not?” 
he asked. 

“Yes,” I said. “I’m going.” 

“When?” 

“As soon as possible. If I hang about much longer now, the 
gales will be coming up from the Antarctic and it will be hurricane 
season in the islands, too. I must leave Peru in a very few months, 
but I must get money first and get the whole business organized.” 

“How many men will there be?” 

“I’ve thought of having six men in all; that’ll give some change 
of society on board the raft and is the right number for four hours’ 




steering in every twenty-four hours.” 

He stood for a moment or two, as though chewing over a 
thought, then burst out emphatically: 

“The devil, but how I’d like to be in it! I could undertake 
technical measurements and tests. Of course, you’ll have to 
support your experiment with accurate measurements of winds and 
currents and waves. Remember that you’re going to cross vast 
spaces of sea which are practically unknown because they lie 
outside all shipping routes. An expedition like yours can make 
interesting hydrographic and meteorological investigations; I could 
make good use of my thermodynamics.” 

I knew nothing about the man beyond what an open face can 
say. It may say a good deal. 

“All right,” I said. “We’ll go together.” 

His name was Herman Watzinger; he was as much of a 
landlubber as myself. 

A few days later I took Herman as my guest to the Explorers 
Club. Here we ran straight into the polar explorer Peter Freuchen. 
Freuchen has the blessed quality of never disappearing in a crowd. 
As big as a barn door and bristling with beard, he looks like a 
messenger from the open tundra. A special atmosphere surrounds 
him — it is as though he were going about with a grizzly bear on a 
lead. 

We took him over to a big map on the wall and told him about 
our plan of crossing the Pacific on an Indian raft. His boyish blue 
eyes grew as large as saucers as he listened. Then he stamped his 




wooden leg on the floor and tightened his belt several holes. 

“Damn it, boys! I should like to go with you!” 

The old Greenland traveler filled our beer mugs and began to 
tell us of his confidence in primitive peoples’ watercraft and these 
peoples’ ability to make their way by accommodating themselves 
to nature both on land and at sea. He himself had traveled by raft 
down the great rivers of Siberia and towed natives on rafts astern 
of his ship along the coast of the Arctic. As he talked, he tugged at 
his beard and said we were certainly going to have a great time. 

Through Freuchen’s eager support of our plan the wheels began 
to turn at a dangerous speed, and they soon ran right into the 
printers’ ink of the Scandinavian Press. The very next morning 
there came a violent knocking on my door in the Sailors’ Home; I 
was wanted on the telephone in the passage downstairs. The result 
of the conversation was that Herman and I, the same evening, rang 
the doorbell of an apartment in a fashionable quarter of the city. 
We were received by a well-dressed young man in patent-leather 
slippers, wearing a silk dressing gown over a blue suit. He made an 
impression almost of softness and apologized for having a cold 
with a scented handkerchief held under his nose. Nonetheless we 
knew that this fellow had made a name in America by his exploits 
as an airman in the war. Besides our apparently delicate host two 
energetic young journalists, simply bursting with activity and ideas, 
were present. We knew one of them as an able correspondent. 

Our host explained over a bottle of good whisky that he was 
interested in our expedition. He offered to raise the necessary 
capital if we would undertake to write newspaper articles and go 




on lecture tours after our return. We came to an agreement at last 
and drank to successful co-operation between the backers of the 
expedition and those taking part in it. From now on all our 
economic problems would be solved; they were taken over by our 
backers and would not trouble us. Herman and I were at once to 
set about raising a crew and equipment, build a raft, and get off 
before the hurricane season began. 

Next day Herman resigned his post, and we set about our task 
seriously. I had already obtained a promise from the research 
laboratory of the Air Material Command to send everything I 
asked for and more through the Explorers Club; they said that an 
expedition such as ours was ideal for testing their equipment. This 
was a good start. Our most important tasks were now, first of all, 
to find four suitable men who were willing to go with us on the 
raft and to obtain supplies for the journey. 

A party of men who were to put out to sea together on board a 
raft must be chosen with care. Otherwise there would be trouble 
and mutiny after a month’s isolation at sea. I did not want to man 
the raft with sailors; they knew hardly any more about managing a 
raft than we did ourselves, and I did not want to have it argued 
afterward, when we had completed the voyage, that we made it 
because we were better seamen than the old raft-builders in Peru. 
Nevertheless, we wanted one man on board who at any rate could 
use a sextant and mark our course on a chart as a basis for all our 
scientific reports. 

“I know a good fellow, a painter,” I said to Herman. “He’s a big 
hefty chap who can play the guitar and is full of fun. He went 
through navigation school and sailed round the world several 




times before he settled down at home with brush and palette. I’ve 
known him since we were boys and have often been on camping 
tours with him in the mountains at home. I’ll write and ask him; 
I’m sure he’ll come.” 

“He sounds all right,” Herman nodded, “and then we want 
someone who can manage the radio.” 

“Radio!” I said, horrified. “What the hell do we want with that? 
It’s out of place on a prehistoric raft.” 

“Not at all — it’s a safety precaution which won’t have any effect 
on your theory so long as we don’t send out any SOS for help. 
And we shall need the radio to send out weather observations and 
other reports. But it’ll be no use for us to receive gale warnings 
because there are no reports for that part of the ocean, and, even if 
there were, what good would they be to us on a raft?” 

His arguments gradually swamped all my protests, the main 
ground for which was a lack of affection for push buttons and 
turning knobs. 

“Curiously enough,” I admitted, “I happen to have the best 
connections for getting into touch by radio over great distances 
with tiny sets. I was put into a radio section in the war. Every man 
in the right place, you know. But I shall certainly write a line to 
Knut Haugland and Torstein Raaby.” 

“Do you know them?” 

“Yes. I met Knut for the first time in England in 1944. He’d been 
decorated by the British for having taken part in the parachute 
action that held up the German efforts to get the atomic bomb; he 




was the radio operator, you know, in the heavy water sabotage at 
Rjukan. When I met him, he had just come back from another job 
in Norway; the Gestapo had caught him with a secret radio set 
inside a chimney in the Maternity Clinic in Oslo. The Nazis had 
located him by D/F, and the whole building was surrounded by 
German soldiers with machine-gun posts in front of every single 
door. Fehmer, the head of the Gestapo, was standing in the 
courtyard himself waiting for Knut to be carried down. But it was 
his own men who were carried down. Knut fought his way with 
his pistol from the attic down to the cellar, and from there out into 
the back yard, where he disappeared over the hospital wall with a 
hail of bullets after him. I met him at a secret station in an old 
English castle; he had come back to organize underground liaison 
among more than a hundred transmitting stations in occupied 
Norway. 

“I myself had just finished my training as a parachutist, and our 
plan was to jump together in the Nordmark near Oslo. But just 
then the Russians marched into the Kirkenes region, and a small 
Norwegian detachment was sent from Scotland to Finnmark to 
take over the operations, so to speak, from the whole Russian 
army. I was sent up there instead. And there I met Torstein. 

“It was real Arctic winter up in those parts, and the northern 
lights flashed in the starry sky which was arched over us, pitch 
black, all day and all night. When we came to the ash heaps of the 
burned area in Finnmark, frozen blue and wearing furs, a cheery 
fellow with blue eyes and bristly fair hair crept out of a little hut up 
in the mountains. This was Torstein Raaby. He had first escaped to 
England, where he went through special training, and then he’d 




been smuggled into Norway somewhere near Tromso. He’d been 
in hiding with a little transmitting set close to the battleship ‘Tirpitz’ 
and for ten months he had sent daily reports to England about all 
that happened on board. He sent his reports at night by connecting 
his secret transmitter to a receiving aerial put up by a German 
officer. It was his regular reports that guided the British bombers 
who at last finished off the ‘Tirpitz.’ 

“Torstein escaped to Sweden and from there over to England 
again, and then he made a parachute jump with a new radio set 
behind the German lines up in the wilds of Finnmark. When the 
Germans retreated, he found himself sitting behind our own lines 
and came out of his hiding place to help us with his little radio, as 
our main station had been destroyed by a mine. I’m ready to bet 
that both Knut and Torstein are fed up with hanging about at home 
now and would be glad to go for a little trip on a wooden raft.” 

“Write and ask them,” Herman proposed. 

So I wrote a short letter, without any disingenuous persuasions, 
to Erik, Knut, and Torstein: 

“Am going to cross Pacific on a wooden raft to support a theory 
that the South Sea islands were peopled from Peru. Will you 
come? I guarantee nothing but a free trip to Peru and the South 
Sea islands and back, but you will find good use for your technical 
abilities on the voyage. Reply at once.” 

Next day the following telegram arrived from Torstein: 

“COMING. TORSTEIN.” 



The other two also accepted. 




As sixth member of the party we had in view now one man and 
now another, but each time some obstacle arose. In the meantime 
Herman and I had to attack the supply problem. We did not mean 
to eat llama flesh or dried kumara potatoes on our trip, for we 
were not making it to prove that we had once been Indians 
ourselves. Our intention was to test the performance and quality of 
the Inca raft, its seaworthiness and loading capacity, and to 
ascertain whether the elements would really propel it across the sea 
to Polynesia with its crew still on board. Our native forerunners 
could certainly have managed to live on dried meat and fish and 
kumara potatoes on board, as that was their staple diet ashore. We 
were also going to try to find out, on the actual trip, whether they 
could have obtained additional supplies of fresh fish and rain 
water while crossing the sea. As our own diet I had thought of 
simple field service rations, as we knew them from the war. 

Just at that time a new assistant to the Norwegian military attache 
in Washington had arrived. I had acted as second in command of 
his company in Finnmark and knew that he was a “ball of fire,” 
who loved to attack and solve with savage energy any problem set 
before him. Bjorn Rorholt was a man of that vital type which feels 
quite lost if it has fought its way out into the open without 
immediately sighting a new problem to tackle. 

I wrote to him explaining the situation and asked him to use his 
tracking sense to smell out a contact man in the supply department 
of the American army. The chances were that the laboratory was 
experimenting with new field rations we could test, in the same 
way as we were testing equipment for the Air Force laboratory. 

Two days later Bjorn telephoned us from Washington. He had 




been in contact with the foreign liaison section of the American 
War Department, and they would like to know what it was all 
about. 

Herman and I took the first train to Washington. 

We found Bjorn in his room in the military attache’s office. 

“I think it’ll be all right,” he said. “We’ll be received at the 
foreign liaison section tomorrow provided we bring a proper letter 
from the colonel.” 

The “colonef’ was Otto Munthe-Kaas, the Norwegian military 
attache. He was well-disposed and more than willing to give us a 
proper letter of introduction when he heard what our business 
was. 

When we came to fetch the document next morning, he 
suddenly rose and said he thought it would be best if he came with 
us himself. We drove out in the colonel’s car to the Pentagon 
building to the offices of the War Department. The colonel and 
Bjorn sat in front in their smartest military turnout, while Herman 
and I sat behind and peered through the windshield at the huge 
Pentagon building, which towered up on the plain before us. This 
gigantic building with thirty thousand clerks and sixteen miles of 
corridors was to form the frame of our impending raft conference 
with military “high-ups.” Never, before or after, did the little raft 
seem to Herman and me so helplessly small. 

After endless wanderings in ramps and corridors we reached the 
door of the foreign liaison section, and soon, surrounded by 
brand-new uniforms, we were sitting round a large mahogany 




table at which the head of the foreign liaison section himself 
presided. 

The stern, broad-built West Point officer, who bulked big at the 
end of the table, had a certain difficulty at first in understanding 
what the connection between the American War Department and 
our wooden raft was, but the colonel’s well-considered words, and 
the favorable result of a hurricane-like examination by the officers 
round the table, slowly brought him over to our side, and he read 
with interest the letter from the equipment laboratory of the Air 
Material Command. Then he rose and gave his staff a concise 
order to help us through the proper channels and, wishing us good 
luck for the present, marched out of the conference room. When 
the door had shut on him, a young staff captain whispered in my 
ear: 

“I’ll bet you’ll get what you want. It sounds like a minor military 
operation and brings a little change into our daily office peacetime 
routine; besides, it’ll be a good opportunity of methodically testing 
equipment.” 

The liaison office at once arranged a meeting with Colonel 
Lewis at the quartermaster general’s experimental laboratory, and 
Herman and I were taken over there by car. 

Colonel Lewis was an affable giant of an officer with a 
sportsman’s bearing. He at once called in the men in charge of 
experiments in the different sections. All were amicably disposed 
and immediately suggested quantities of equipment they would like 
us to test thoroughly. They exceeded our wildest hopes as they 
rattled off the names of nearly everything we could want, from 




field rations to sunburn ointment and splash-proof sleeping bags. 
Then they took us on an extensive tour to look at the things. We 
tasted special rations in smart packings; we tested matches which 
struck well even if they had been dipped in water, new primus 
stoves and water kegs, rubber bags and special boots, kitchen 
utensils and knives which would float, and all that an expedition 
could want. 

I glanced at Herman. He looked like a good, expectant little boy 
walking through a chocolate shop with a rich aunt. The colonel 
walked in front demonstrating all these delights, and when the tour 
was completed staff clerks had made note of the kinds of goods 
and the quantities we required. I thought the battle was won and 
felt only an urge to rush home to the hotel in order to assume a 
horizontal position and think things over in peace and quiet. Then 
the tall, friendly colonel suddenly said: 

“Well, now we must go in and have a talk with the boss; it’s he 
who’ll decide whether we can give you these things.” 

I felt my heart sink down into my boots. So we were to start our 
eloquence right from the beginning again, and heaven alone knew 
what kind of man the “boss” was! 

We found that the boss was a little officer with an intensely 
earnest manner. He sat behind his writing table and examined us 
with keen blue eyes as we came into the office. He asked us to sit 
down. 




Plans being discussed before the start in the Explorers Club in 
New York. From left to right: Chief of Clannfhearghuis, Herman 
Watzinger, the author, Greenland explorer Peter Freuchen. 





Over the Andes for wood — our jeep on a mountain road 13,000 



feet above sea level. Indians with pack donkeys, Indian women 
spinning wool as they walk, and flocks of llamas were the only 
living creatures we met. 




In the Ecuadorian jungle we found our balsa logs. We felled the 
biggest trees we could find, peeled off the bark in Indian style, 
and built a makeshift raft on which we drifted down the Palenque 
and the Guayas to the Pacific. 




The six members of the Kon-Tiki expedition. From left to right: 
Knut Haugland, Bengt Danielsson, the author, Erik Hesselberg, 
Torstein Raaby, Herman Watzinger. 

Building the raft in Peru. We lashed the nine big balsa logs 
together with ordinary hemp ropes, using neither nails nor metal 



in any form. 




“Well, what do these gentlemen want?” he asked Colonel Lewis 
sharply, without taking his eyes off mine. 

“Oh, a few little things,” Lewis hastened to reply He explained 
the whole of our errand in outline, while the chief listened 
patiently without moving a finger. 

“And what can they give us in return?” he asked, quite 
unimpressed. 

“Well,” said Lewis in a conciliatory tone, ‘Ve hoped that 
perhaps the expedition would be able to write reports on the new 
provisions and some of the equipment, based on the severe 



conditions in which they will be using it.” 

The intensely earnest officer behind the writing table leaned 
back in his chair with unaffected slowness, with his eyes still fixed 
on mine, and I felt myself sinking to the bottom of the deep leather 
chair as he said coolly: 

“I don’t see at all how they can give us anything in return.” 

There was dead silence in the room. Colonel Lewis fingered his 
collar, and neither of us said a word. 

“But,” the chief suddenly broke out, and now a gleam had come 
into the corner of his eye, “courage and enterprise count, too. 
Colonel Lewis, let them have the things!” 

I was still sitting, half intoxicated with delight, in the cab which 
was taking us home to the hotel, when Herman began to laugh and 
giggle to himself at my side. 

“Are you tight?” I asked anxiously. 

“No,” he laughed shamelessly, “but I’ve been calculating that the 
provisions we got include 684 boxes of pineapple, and that’s my 
favorite dish.” 

There are a thousand things to be done, and mostly at the same 
time, when six men and a wooden raft and its cargo are to 
assemble at a place down on the coast of Peru. And we had three 
months and no Aladdin’s lamp at our disposal. 

We flew to New York with an introduction from the liaison 
office and met Professor Behre at Columbia University. He was 
head of the War Department’s Geographical Research Committee, 




and it was he who pressed the buttons which at last brought 
Herman all his valuable instruments and apparatus for scientific 
measurements. 

Then we flew to Washington to meet Admiral Glover at the 
Naval Hydrographic Institute. The good-natured old sea dog called 
in all his officers and pointed to the chart of the Pacific on the wall 
as he introduced Herman and me. 

“These young gentlemen want to check up on our current maps. 
Help them!” 

When the wheels had rolled a bit further, the English Colonel 
Lumsden called a conference at the British Military Mission in 
Washington to discuss our future problems and the chances of a 
favorable outcome. We received plenty of good advice and a 
selection of British equipment which was flown over from 
England to be tried out on the raft expedition. The British medical 
officer was an enthusiastic advocate of a mysterious shark powder. 
We were to sprinkle a few pinches of the powder on the water if a 
shark became too impudent, and the shark would vanish 
immediately. 

“Sir,” I said politely, “can we rely on this powder?” 

“Well,” said the Englishman, smiling, “that’s just what we want 
to find out ourselves!” 

When time is short and plane replaces train, while taxi replaces 
legs, one’s wallet crumples up like a withered herbarium. When we 
had spent the cost of my return ticket to Norway, we went and 
called on our friends and backers in New York to get our finances 




straight. There we encountered surprising and discouraging 
problems. The financial manager was ill in bed with fever, and his 
two colleagues were powerless till he was in action again. They 
stood firmly by our economic agreement, but they could do 
nothing for the time being. We were asked to postpone the 
business, a useless request, for we could not stop the numerous 
wheels which were now revolving vigorously. We could only hold 
on now; it was too late to stop or brake. Our friends the backers 
agreed to dissolve the whole syndicate in order to give us a free 
hand to act quickly and independently without them. 

So there we were in the street with our hands in our trousers 
pockets. 

“December, January, February,” said Herman. 

“And at a pinch March,” said I, “but then we simply must start!” 

If all else seemed obscure, one thing was clear to us. Ours was a 
journey with an objective, and we did not want to be classed with 
acrobats who roll down Niagara in empty barrels or sit on the 
knobs of flag staffs for seventeen days. 

“No chewing-gum or pop backing,” Herman said. 

On this point we were in profound agreement. 

We could get Norwegian currency. But that did not solve the 
problems on our side of the Atlantic. We could apply for a grant 
from some institution, but we could scarcely get one for a disputed 
theory; after all, that was just why we were going on the raft 
expedition. We soon found that neither press nor private promoters 
dared to put money into what they themselves and all the insurance 




companies regarded as a suicide voyage; but, if we came back safe 
and sound, it would be another matter. 

Things looked pretty gloomy, and for many days we could see 
no ray of hope. It was then that Colonel Munthe-Kaas came into 
the picture again. 

“You’re in a fix, boys,” he said. “Here’s a check to begin with. 
You can return it when you come back from the South Sea 
islands.” 

Several other people followed his example, and my private loan 
was soon big enough to tide us over without help from agents or 
others. We could fly to South America and start building the raft. 

The old Peruvian rafts were built of balsa wood, which in a dry 
state is lighter than cork. The balsa tree grows in Peru, but only 
beyond the mountains in the Andes range, so the seafarers in Inca 
times went up along the coast to Ecuador, where they felled their 
huge balsa trees right down on the edge of the Pacific. We meant to 
do the same. 

Today’s travel problems are different from those of Inca times. 
We have cars and planes and travel bureaus but, so as not to make 
things altogether too easy, we have also impediments called 
frontiers, with brass-buttoned attendants who doubt one’s alibi, 
maltreat one’s luggage, and weigh one down with stamped forms 
— if one is lucky enough to get in at all. It was the fear of these 
men with brass buttons that decided us we could not land in South 
America with packing cases and trunks full of strange devices, 
raise our hats, and ask politely in broken Spanish to be allowed to 
come in and sail away on a raft. We should be clapped into jail. 




“No,” said Herman. “We must have an official introduction.” 

One of our friends in the dissolved triumvirate was a 
correspondent at the United Nations, and he offered to take us out 
there by car for aid. We were greatly impressed when we came into 
the great hall of the assembly, where men of all nations sat on 
benches side by side listening silently to the flow of speech from a 
black-haired Russian in front of the gigantic map of the world that 
decorated the back wall. 

Our friend the correspondent managed in a quiet moment to get 
hold of one of the delegates from Peru and, later, one of Ecuador’s 
representatives. On a deep leather sofa in an antechamber they 
listened eagerly to our plan of crossing the sea to support a theory 
that men of an ancient civilization from their own country had 
been the first to reach the Pacific islands. Both promised to inform 
their governments and guaranteed us support when we came to 
their respective countries. Trygve Lie, passing through the 
anteroom, came over to us when he heard we were countrymen of 
his, and someone proposed that he should come with us on the 
raft. But there were billows enough for him on land. The assistant 
secretary of the United Nations, Dr. Benjamin Cohen from Chile, 
was himself a well-known amateur archaeologist, and he gave me 
a letter to the President of Peru, who was a personal friend of his. 
We also met in the hall the Norwegian ambassador, Wilhelm von 
Munthe of Morgenstierne, who from then on gave the expedition 
invaluable support. 

So we bought two tickets and flew to South America. When the 
four heavy engines began to roar one after another, we sank into 
our seats exhausted. We had an unspeakable feeling of relief that 




the first stage of the program was over and that we were now 
going straight ahead to the adventure. 




3 



TO SO UTH AMERICA 

Over the Equator — Balsa Problems — 

By Air to Quito — Head-Hunters and Bandidos — 
Over the Andes by Jeep — 

Into the Depths of the Jungle — At Quevedo — 

We Fell Balsa Trees — 

Down the Palenque by Raft - 
The Beautiful Naval Harbor — 

At the Ministry of Marine in Lima — 

With the President of Peru — 

Danielsson Comes — 

Back to Washington — 

Twenty-Six Pounds of Paper — 

Herman s Baptism of Fire — 

We Build the Raft in the Naval Harbor — 
Warnings — Before the Start — 

Naming of the Kon-Tiki — 

Farewell to South America 



To South America 




AS OUR PLANE CROSSED THE EQUATOR, IT BEGAN A 
slanting descent through the milk-white clouds which till then had 
lain beneath us like a blinding waste of snow in the burning sun. 
The fleecy vapor clung to the windows till it dissolved and 
remained hanging over us like clouds, and the bright green roof of 
a rolling, billowy jungle appeared. We flew in over the South 
American republic of Ecuador and landed at the tropical port of 
Guayaquil. 

With yesterday’s coats, vests, and overcoats over our arms we 
climbed out into the atmosphere of a hothouse to meet chattering 
southerners in tropical clothes and felt our shirts sticking to our 
backs like wet paper. We were embraced by customs and 
immigration officials and almost carried to a cab, which took us to 
the best hotel in the town, the only good one. Here we quickly 
found our way to our respective baths and lay down flat under the 
cold-water faucet. We had reached the country where the balsa tree 
grows and were to buy timber to build our raft. 

The first day we spent in learning the monetary system and 
enough Spanish to find our way back to the hotel. On the second 
day we ventured away from our baths in steadily widening circles, 
and, when Herman had satisfied the longing of his childhood to 
touch a real palm tree and I was a walking bowl of fruit salad, we 
decided to go and negotiate for balsa. 

Unfortunately this was easier said than done. We could certainly 




buy balsa in quantities but not in the form of whole logs, as we 
wanted it. The days when balsa trees were accessible down on the 
coast were past. The last war had put an end to them; they had 
been felled in thousands and shipped to the aircraft factories 
because the wood was so gaseous and light. We were told that the 
only place where large balsa trees now grew was in the jungle in 
the interior of the country. 

“Then we must go inland and fell them ourselves,” we said. 

“Impossible,” said the authorities. “The rains have just begun, 
and all the roads into the jungle are impassable because of flood 
water and deep mud. If you want balsa wood, you must come 
back to Ecuador in six months; the rains will be over then and the 
roads up country will have dried.” 

In our extremity we called on Don Gustavo von Buchwald, the 
balsa king of Ecuador, and Herman unrolled his sketch of the raft 
with the lengths of timber we required. The slight little balsa king 
seized the telephone eagerly and set his agents to work searching. 
They found planks and light boards and separate short blocks in 
every sawmill but they could not find one single serviceable log. 
There were two big logs, as dry as tinder, at Don Gustavo’s own 
dump, but they would not take us far. It was clear that the search 
was useless. 

“But a brother of mine has a big balsa plantation,” said Don 
Gustavo encouragingly. “His name is Don Federico and he lives at 
Quevedo, a little jungle town up country. He can get you all you 
want as soon as we can get hold of him after the rains. It’s no use 
now because of the jungle rain up country.” 




If Don Gustavo said a thing was no use, all the balsa experts in 
Ecuador would say it was no use. So here we were in Guayaquil 
with no timber for the raft and with no possibility of going in and 
felling the trees ourselves until several months later, when it would 
be too late. 

“Time’s short,” said Herman. 

“And balsa we must have,” said I. ‘The raft must be an exact 
copy, or we shall have no guarantee of coming through alive.” 

A little school map we found in the hotel, with green jungle, 
brown mountains, and inhabited places ringed round in red, told 
us that the jungle stretched unbroken from the Pacific right to the 
foot of the towering Andes. I had an idea. It was clearly 
impracticable now to get from the coastal area through the jungle 
to the balsa trees at Quevedo, but suppose we could get to the trees 
from the inland side, by coming straight down into the jungle from 
the bare snow mountains of the Andes range? Here was a 
possibility, the only one we saw. 

Out on the airfield we found a little cargo plane which was 
willing to take us up to Quito, the capital of this strange country, 
high up on the Andes plateau, 9,300 feet above sea level. Between 
packing cases and furniture we caught occasional glimpses of 
green jungle and shining rivers before we disappeared into the 
clouds. When we came out again, the lowlands were hidden under 
an endless sea of rolling vapor, but ahead of us dry mountainsides 
and bare cliffs rose from the sea of mist right up to a brilliant blue 
sky. 

The plane climbed straight up the mountainside as in an 




invisible funicular railway, and, although the Equator itself was in 
sight, at last we had shining snow fields alongside us. Then we 
glided between the mountains and over a rich alpine plateau clad 
in spring green, on which we landed close to the world’s most 
unusual capital. 

Most of Quito’s 175,000 inhabitants are pure or half-breed 
mountain Indians, for it was their forefathers’ own capital long 
before Columbus and our own race knew America. The city is 
filled with ancient monasteries, containing art treasures of 
immeasurable value, and other magnificent buildings dating from 
Spanish times, towering over the roofs of low Indian houses built 
of bricks of sun-dried clay. A labyrinth of narrow alleys winds 
between the clay walls, and these we found swarming with 
mountain Indians in red-speckled cloaks and big homemade hats. 
Some were going to market with pack donkeys, while others sat 
hunched up along the adobe walls dozing in the hot sun. A few 
automobiles containing aristocrats of Spanish origin, going at half- 
speed and hooting ceaselessly, succeeded in finding a path along 
the one-way alleys among children and donkeys and barelegged 
Indians. The air up here on the high plateau was of such brilliant 
crystalline clearness that the mountains round us seemed to come 
into the street picture and contribute to its other- world atmosphere. 

Our friend from the cargo plane, Jorge, nicknamed “the crazy 
flier,” belonged to one of the old Spanish families in Quito. He 
installed us in an antiquated, amusing hotel and then went round, 
sometimes with and sometimes without us, trying to get us 
transport over the mountains and down into the jungle to 
Quevedo. We met in the evening in an old Spanish cafe, and Jorge 




was full of bad news; we must absolutely put out of our heads the 
idea of going to Quevedo. Neither men nor vehicle were to be 
obtained to take us over the mountains, and certainly not down 
into the jungle where the rains had begun and where there was 
danger of attack if one stuck fast in the mud. Only last year a party 
of ten American oil engineers had been found killed by poisoned 
arrows in the eastern part of Ecuador, where many Indians still 
went about in the jungle stark naked and hunted with poisoned 
arrows. “Some of them are head-hunters,” Jorge said in a hollow 
voice, seeing that Herman, quite unperturbed, was helping himself 
to more beef and red wine. 

“You think I exaggerate,” he continued in a low voice. “But, 
although it is strictly forbidden, there are still people in this 
country who make a living by selling shrunken human heads. It’s 
impossible to control it, and to this very day the jungle Indians cut 
off the heads of their enemies among other nomad tribes. They 
smash up and remove the skull itself and fill the empty skin of the 
head with hot sand, so that the whole head shrinks till it’s hardly 
bigger than a cat’s head, without losing its shape or its features. 
These shrunken heads of enemies were once valuable trophies; 
now they’re rare black-market goods. Half-breed middlemen see 
that they get down to the buyers on the coast, who sell them to 
tourists for fabulous prices.” 

Jorge looked at us triumphantly. He little knew that Herman and 
I that same day had been dragged into a porter’s lodge and offered 
two of these heads at 1,000 sucres apiece. These heads nowadays 
are often fakes, made up from monkeys’ heads, but these two were 
genuine enough, pure Indians and so true to life that every tiny 




feature was preserved. They were the heads of a man and a 
woman, both the size of oranges; the woman was aetually pretty, 
though only the eyelashes and long black hair had preserved their 
natural size. I shuddered at Jorge’s warning but expressed my 
doubts whether there were head-hunters west of the mountains. 

“One can never know,” said Jorge gloomily. “And what would you 
say if your friend disappeared and his head came into the market 
in miniature? That happened to a friend of mine once,” he added, 
staring at me stubbornly. 

“Tell us about it,” said Herman, chewing his beef slowly and 
with only moderate enjoyment. 

I laid my fork carefully aside, and Jorge told his story. He was 
once living with his wife on an outpost in the jungle, washing gold 
and buying up the take of the other gold-washers. The family had 
at that time a native friend who brought his gold regularly and sold 
it for goods. One day this friend was killed in the jungle. Jorge 
tracked down the murderer and threatened to shoot him. Now the 
murderer was one of those who were suspected of selling 
shrunken human heads, and Jorge promised to spare his life if he 
handed over the head at once. The murderer at once produced the 
head of Jorge’s friend, now as small as a man’s fist. Jorge was 
quite upset when he saw his friend again, for he was quite 
unchanged except that he had become so very small. Much moved, 
he took the little head home to his wife. She fainted when she saw 
it, and Jorge had to hide his friend in a trunk. But it was so damp 
in the jungle that clusters of green mold formed on the head, so 
that Jorge had to take it out now and then and dry it in the sun. It 
hung very nicely by the hair on a clothesline, and Jorge’s wife 




fainted every time she caught sight of it. But one day a mouse 
gnawed its way into the trunk and made a horrid mess of his 
friend. Jorge was much distressed and buried his friend with full 
ceremonies in a tiny little hole up on the airfield. For after all he 
was a human being, Jorge concluded. 

“Nice dinner,” I said to change the subject. 

As we went home in the dark, I had a disagreeable feeling that 
Herman’s hat had sunk far down over his ears. But he had only 
pulled it down to protect himself from the cold night wind from 
the mountains. 

Next day we were sitting with our own Consul General Bryhn 
and his wife under the eucalyptus trees at their big country place 
outside the town. Bryhn hardly thought our planned jungle trip to 
Quevedo would lead to any drastic change in our hat sizes, but — 
there were robbers about in those very regions we had thought of 
visiting. He produced clippings from local papers announcing that 
soldiers were to be sent out, when the dry season came, to 
extirpate the bandidos who infested the regions around Quevedo. 
To go there now was the sheerest madness, and we would never 
get guides or transport. While we were talking to him, we saw a 
jeep from the American military attache’s office tear past along the 
road, and this gave us an idea. We went up to the American 
Embassy, accompanied by the consul general, and were able to see 
the military attache himself. He was a trim, lighthearted young man 
in khaki and riding boots and asked laughingly why we had 
strayed to the top of the Andes when the local papers said we were 
to go to sea on a wooden raft. 




We explained that the wood was still standing upright in the 
Quevedo jungle and we were up here on the roof of the continent 
and could not get to it. We asked the military attache either {a) to 
lend us a plane and two parachutes or {b) to lend us a jeep with a 
driver who knew the country. 

The military attache at first sat speechless at our assurance; then 
he shook his head despairingly and said with a smile, all right — 
since we gave him no third choice, he preferred the second! 

At a quarter past five the next morning a jeep rolled up to our 
hotel entrance, and an Ecuadorian captain of engineers jumped out 
and reported himself at our service. His orders were to drive us to 
Quevedo, mud or no mud. The jeep was packed full of gasoline 
cans, for there were no gasoline pumps or even wheel tracks along 
the route we were to take. Our new friend. Captain Agurto Alexis 
Alvarez, was armed to the teeth with knives and firearms on 
account of the reports of bandidos. We had come to the country 
peacefully in business suits to buy timber for ready money down 
on the coast, and the whole of our equipment on board the jeep 
consisted of a bag of tinned food, except that we had hurriedly 
acquired a secondhand camera and a pair of tear-proof khaki 
breeches for each of us. In addition, the consul general had 
pressed upon us his big revolver with an ample supply of 
ammunition to exterminate everything that crossed our path. The 
jeep whizzed away through empty alleys where the moon shone 
ghostly pale on whitewashed adobe walls, till we came out into the 
country and raced at a giddy speed along a good sand road 
southward through the mountain region. 

It was good going all along the range as far as the mountain 




village of Latacunga, where windowless Indian houses clustered 
blindly round a whitewashed country church with palms in a 
square. Here we turned off along a mule track which undulated 
and twisted westward over hill and valley into the Andes. We came 
into a world we had never dreamed of. It was the mountain 
Indians’ own world — east of the sun and west of the moon — 
outside time and beyond space. On the whole drive we saw not a 
carriage or a wheel. The traffic consisted of barelegged goatherds 
in gaily colored ponchos, driving forward disorderly herds of stiff- 
legged, dignified llamas, and now and then whole families of 
Indians coming along the road. The husband usually rode ahead 
on a mule, while his little wife trotted behind with her entire 
collection of hats on her head and the youngest child in a bag on 
her back. All the time she ambled along, she spun wool with her 
fingers. Donkeys and mules jogged behind at leisure, loaded with 
boughs and rushes and pottery. 




Kon-Tiki ready to start in Callao Harbor Like the Indians' 
prehistoric vessels on the west coast of South America, our raft 
had an open bamboo cabin and two masts lashed together with a 
square sail between. The woman secretary of the expedition, Gerd 
Void (inset), named the raft by smashing a coconut against the 
bow The raft received the name Kon-Tiki in memory of the 
Peruvian sun-god, who long ago vanished westward across the 
sea. 




Erik puts the finishing touch to the raft. A Peruvian sailor helps 
him to fix a tholepin of the hardest wood for the steering oar. 



Thank you and good-by! The tug Guardian Rios turns back and 





Under full sail out at sea. Nature was our only teacher, the last 
raftsmen having died several hundred years before, and we went 
through a hard school in our first weeks in the Humboldt Current 
off the coast of South America. 




The kitchen department. Before our fresh fruit ran out, we had 
entered waters where fish abounded. We cooked our food on a 
couple of primus stoves, which stood on the bottom of a wooden 
box, and generally had our meals on the starboard side of the 
raft in front of the entrance to the cabin. Like our prehistoric 
forerunners, we also had with us sweet potatoes and gourds from 
Peru. 

The farther we went, the fewer the Indians who spoke Spanish, 
and soon Agurto’s linguistic capacities were as useless as our own. 
A cluster of huts lay here and there up in the mountains; fewer and 
fewer were built of clay, while more and more were made of twigs 
and dry grass. Both the huts and the sunbrowned, wrinkle-faced 
people seemed to have grown up out of the earth itself, from the 
baking effect of the mountain sun on the rock walls of the Andes. 
They belonged to cliff and scree and upland pasture as naturally as 
the mountain grass itself. Poor in possessions and small in stature, 
the mountain Indians had the wiry hardiness of wild animals and 
the childlike alertness of a primitive people, and the less they could 
talk, the more they could laugh. Radiant faces with snow-white 
teeth shone upon us from all we saw. There was nothing to 
indicate that the white man had lost or earned a dime in these 
regions. There were no billboards or road signs, and if a tin box or 
a scrap of paper was flung down by the roadside, it was picked up 
at once as a useful household article. 

We went on up over sun-smitten slopes without a bush or tree 
and down into valleys of desert sand and cactus, till finally we 
climbed up and reached the topmost crest with snow fields round 




the peak and a wind so bitingly cold that we had to slacken speed 
in order not to freeze to bits as we sat in our shirts longing for 
jungle heat. For long stretches we had to drive across country 
between the mountains, over scree and grassy ridges, searching for 
the next bit of road. But when we reached the west wall, where the 
Andes range falls precipitously to the lowlands, the mule track was 
cut along shelves in the loose rock, and sheer cliffs and gorges 
were all about us. We put all our trust in friend Agurto as he sat 
crouched over the steering wheel, always swinging out when we 
came to a precipice. Suddenly a violent gust of wind met us; we 
had reached the outermost crest of the Andes chain, where the 
mountain fell away sharply in a series of precipices to the jungle 
far down in a bottomless abyss 12,000 feet beneath us. But we 
were cheated of the dizzy view over the sea of jungle, for, as soon 
as we reached the edge, thick cloud banks rolled about us like 
steam from a witches’ cauldron. But now our road ran down 
unhindered into the depths. Always down, in steep loops along 
gorges and bluffs and ridges, while the air grew damper and 
warmer and ever fuller of the heavy, deadening hothouse air which 
rose from the jungle world below. 

And then the rain began. First gently, then it began to pour and 
beat upon the jeep like drumsticks, and soon the chocolate-colored 
water was flowing down the rocks on every side of us. We almost 
flowed down, too, away from the dry mountain plateaus behind us 
and into another world, where stick and stone and clay slope were 
soft and lush with moss and turf. Leaves shot up; soon they 
became giant leaves hanging like green umbrellas and dripping 
over the hillside. Then came the first feeble advanced posts of the 




jungle trees, with heavy fringes and beards of moss and climbing 
plants hanging from them. There was a gurgling and splashing 
everywhere. As the slopes grew gentler, the jungle rolled up 
swiftly like an army of green giant growths that swallowed up the 
little jeep as it splashed along the waterlogged clay road. We were 
in the jungle. The air was moist and warm and heavy with the 
smell of vegetation. 

Darkness had fallen when we reached a cluster of palm-roofed 
huts on a ridge. Dripping with warm water, we left the jeep for a 
night under a dry roof. The horde of fleas that attacked us in the 
hut were drowned in the next day’s rain. With the jeep full of 
bananas and other tropical fruit we went on downhill through the 
jungle, down and down, though we thought we had reached 
bottom long ago. The mud grew worse but it did not stop us, and 
the robbers kept at an unknown distance. 

Not till the road was barred by a broad river of muddy water 
rolling down through the jungle did the jeep give up. We stood 
stuck fast, unable to move either up or down along the riverbank. 
In an open clearing stood a hut where a few half-breed Indians 
were stretching out a jaguar skin on a sunny wall, while dogs and 
fowl were splashing about enjoying themselves on top of some 
cocoa beans spread out to dry in the sun. When the jeep came 
bumping along, the place came to life and some natives who spoke 
Spanish informed us that this was the Rio Palenque and that 
Quevedo was just on the other side. There was no bridge there, 
and the river was swift and deep, but they were willing to float us 
and the jeep over by raft. The queer contraption lay down by the 
bank. Twisted logs as thick as our arms were fastened together 




with vegetable fibers and bamboos to form a flimsy raft, twice the 
length and breadth of the jeep. With a plank under each wheel and 
our hearts in our mouths we drove the jeep out onto the logs, and 
though most of them were submerged under the muddy water, 
they did bear the jeep and us and four half-naked chocolate- 
colored men who pushed us off with long poles. 

“Balsa?” Herman and I asked in the same breath. 

“Balsa,” one of the fellows nodded, with a disrespectful kick at 
the logs. 

The current seized us and we whirled down the river, while the 
men pushed in their poles at the right places and kept the raft on an 
even diagonal course across the current and into quieter water on 
the other side. This was our first meeting with the balsa tree and 
our first trip on a balsa raft. We brought the raft safely to land at 
the farther bank and motored triumphantly into Quevedo. Two 
rows of tarred wooden houses with motionless vultures on the 
palm roofs formed a kind of street, and this was the whole place. 
The inhabitants dropped whatever they might be carrying, and 
black and brown, young and old, appeared swarming out of both 
doors and windows. They rushed to meet the jeep — a menacing, 
chattering tide of humanity. They scrambled on to it and under it 
and round it. We kept a tight hold on our worldly possessions 
while Agurto attempted desperate maneuvers at the steering wheel. 
Then the jeep had a puncture and went down on one knee. We had 
arrived at Quevedo and had to endure the embrace of welcome. 

Don Federico’s plantation lay a bit farther down the river. When 
the jeep came bumping into the yard along a path between the 




mango trees with Agurto, Herman, and me, the lean old jungle- 
dweller came to meet us at a trot with his nephew Angelo, a small 
boy who lived with him out in the wilds. We gave messages from 
Don Gustavo, and soon the jeep was standing alone in the yard 
while a fresh tropical shower streamed down over the jungle. 
There was a festive meal in Don Federico’s bungalow; suckling 
pigs and chickens crackled over an open fire, while we sat round a 
dish loaded with tropical fruit and explained what we had come 
for. The jungle rain pouring down on the ground outside sent a 
warm sweet gust of scented blossoms and clay in through the 
window netting. 

Don Federico had become as brisk as a boy. Why, yes, he had 
known balsa rafts since he was a child. Fifty years ago, when he 
lived down by the sea, the Indians from Peru still used to come 
sailing up along the coast on big balsa rafts to sell fish in 
Guayaquil. They could bring a couple of tons of dried fish in a 
bamboo cabin in the middle of the raft, or they might have wives 
and children and dogs and fowl on board. Such big balsa trees as 
they had used for their rafts would be hard to find now in the 
rains, for floodwater and mud had already made it impossible to 
get to the balsa plantation up in the forest, even on horseback. But 
Don Federico would do his best; there might still be some single 
trees growing wild in the forest nearer the bungalow, and we did 
not need many. 

Late in the evening the rain stopped for a time, and we went for 
a turn under the mango trees round the bungalow. Here Don 
Federico had every kind of wild orchid in the world hanging down 
from the branches, with half-coconuts as flowerpots. Unlike 




cultivated orchids, these rare plants gave out a wonderful scent, 
and Herman was bending down to stick his nose into one of them 
when something like a long, thin, glittering eel emerged from the 
leaves above him. A lightning blow from Angelo’s whip, and a 
wriggling snake fell to the ground. A second later it was held fast 
to the earth with a forked stick over its neck, and then its head was 
crushed. 

“Morto/,” said Angelo and exposed two curved poison fangs to 
show what he meant. 

After that we thought we saw poisonous snakes lurking in the 
foliage everywhere and slipped into the house with Angelo’s 
trophy hanging lifeless across a stick. Herman sat down to skin the 
monster, and Don Federico was telling fantastic stories about 
poisonous snakes and boa constrictors as thick as dinner plates 
when we suddenly noticed the shadows of two enormous 
scorpions on the wall, the size of lobsters. They rushed at each 
other and engaged in a life-and-death battle with their pincers, with 
their hinder parts turned up and their curved poisonous sting at the 
tail ready for the deathblow. It was a horrible sight, and not till we 
moved the oil lamp did we see that it had cast a supernaturally 
gigantic shadow of two quite ordinary scorpions of the size of 
one’s finger, which were fighting on the edge of the bureau. 

“Let them be,” Don Federico laughed. “One’ll kill the other, and 
we want the survivor in the house to keep the cockroaches away. 
Just keep your mosquito net tight round the bed and shake your 
clothes before you put them on, and you’ll be all right. I’ve often 
been bitten by scorpions and I’m not dead yet,” added the old 
man, laughing. 




I slept well, except that I woke up thinking of poisonous 
creatures every time a lizard or bat squeaked and scrabbled too 
noisily near my pillow. 

Next morning we got up early to go and search for balsa trees. 

“Better shake our clothes,” said Agurto, and as he spoke a 
scorpion fell out of his shirt sleeve and shot down into a crack in 
the floor. 

Soon after sunrise Don Federico sent his men out on horseback 
in all directions to look for accessible balsa trees along the paths. 
Our own party consisted of Don Federico, Herman, and myself, 
and we soon found our way to an open place where there was a 
gigantic old tree of which Don Federico knew. It towered high 
above the trees round about, and the trunk was three feet thick. In 
Polynesian style we christened the tree before we touched it; we 
gave it the name Ku, after a Polynesian deity of American origin. 
Then we swung the ax and drove it into the balsa trunk till the 
forest echoed our blows. But cutting a sappy balsa was like cutting 
cork with a blunt ax; the ax simply rebounded, and I had not 
delivered many strokes before Herman had to relieve me. The ax 
changed hands time after time, while the splinters flew and the 
sweat trickled in the heat of the jungle. 

Late in the day Ku was standing like a cock on one leg, 
quivering under our blows; soon he tottered and crashed down 
heavily over the surrounding forest, big branches and small trees 
being pulled down by the giant’s fall. We had torn the branches 
from the trunk and were beginning to rip off the bark in zigzags in 
Indian style when Herman suddenly dropped the ax and leaped 




into the air as if doing a Polynesian war dance, with his hand 
pressed to his leg. Out of his trouser leg fell a shining ant as big as 
a scorpion and with a long sting at its tail. It must have had a skull 
like a lobster’s claw, for it was almost impossible to stamp it under 
one’s heel on the ground. 

“A kongo,” Don Federico explained with regret. “The little 
brute’s worse than a scorpion, but it isn’t dangerous to a healthy 
man.” 

Herman was tender and sore for several days, but this did not 
prevent his galloping with us on horseback along the jungle paths, 
looking for more giant balsas in the forest. From time to time we 
heard creaking and crashing and a heavy thud somewhere in the 
virgin forest. Don Federico nodded with a satisfied air. It meant 
that his half-breed Indians had felled a new giant balsa for the raft. 
In a week Ku had been followed by Kane, Kama, Ilo, Mauri, Ra, 
Rangi, Papa, Taranga, Kura, Kukara, and Hiti — twelve mighty 
balsas, all christened in honor of Polynesian legendary figures 
whose names had once been borne with Tiki over the sea from 
Peru. The logs, glistening with sap, were dragged down through 
the jungle first by horses and at the last by Don Federico’s tractor, 
which brought them to the riverbank in front of the bungalow. 

The sap-filled logs were far from being as light as corks. They 
must have weighed a ton apiece, and we waited with great anxiety 
to see how they would float in the water. We rolled them out to the 
edge of the bank one by one; there we made fast a rope of tough, 
climbing plants to the ends of the logs that they might not vanish 
downstream when we let them enter the water. Then we rolled 
them in turn down the bank and into the river. There was a mighty 




splash. They swung round and floated, about as much above as 
below the surface of the water, and when we went out along them 
they remained steady We bound the timbers together with tough 
lianas that hung down from the tops of the jungle trees, so as to 
make two temporary rafts, one towing the other. Then we loaded 
the rafts with all the bamboos and lianas we should need later, and 
Herman and I went on board with two men of a mysterious mixed 
race, with whom we had no common language. 

When we cut our moorings, we were caught by the whirling 
masses of water and went off downstream at a good pace. The last 
glimpse we had in the drizzle, as we rounded the first headland, 
was of our excellent friends standing on the end of the point in 
front of the bungalow, waving. Then we crept under a little shelter 
of green banana leaves and left steering problems to the two 
brown experts who had stationed themselves one in the bow and 
one astern, each holding a huge oar. They kept the raft in the 
swiftest current with nonchalant ease, and we danced downstream 
on a winding course between sunken trees and sandbanks. 

The jungle stood like a solid wall along the banks on both sides, 
and parrots and other bright-colored birds fluttered out of the 
dense foliage as we passed. Once or twice an alligator hurled itself 
into the river and became invisible in the muddy water. But we 
soon caught sight of a much more remarkable monster. This was 
an iguana, or giant lizard, as big as a crocodile but with a large 
throat and fringed back. It lay dozing on the clay bank as if it had 
overslept from prehistoric times and did not move as we glided 
past. The oarsmen made signs to us not to shoot. Soon afterward 
we saw a smaller specimen about three feet long. It was running 




away along a thick branch which hung out over the raft. It ran only 
till it was in safety, and then it sat, all shining blue and green, and 
stared at us with cold snake’s eyes as we passed. Later we passed a 
fern-clad hillock, and on the top of it lay the biggest iguana of all. 
It was like the silhouette of a fringed Chinese dragon carved in 
stone as it stood out motionless against the sky with chest and head 
raised. It did not as much as turn its head as we curved round it 
under the hillocks and vanished into the jungle. 

Farther down we smelled smoke and passed several huts with 
straw roofs which lay in clearings along the bank. We on the raft 
were the objects of close attention from sinister-looking 
individuals on land, an unfavorable mixture of Indian, Negro, and 
Spaniard. Their boats, great dugout canoes, lay drawn up on to the 
bank. 

When mealtimes came, we relieved our friends at the steering 
oars while they fried fish and breadfruit over a little fire regulated 
with wet clay. Roast chicken, eggs, and tropical fruits were also 
part of the menu on board, while the logs transported themselves 
and us at a fine speed down through the jungle toward the sea. 
What did it matter now if the water swept and splashed round us? 
The more it rained, the swifter the current ran. 

When darkness fell over the river, an ear-splitting orchestra 
struck up on the bank. Toads and frogs, crickets and mosquitoes, 
croaked or chirped or hummed in a prolonged chorus of many 
voices. Now and again the shrill scream of a wild cat rang through 
the darkness, and soon another, and yet another, from birds scared 
into flight by the night prowlers of the jungle. Once or twice we 
saw the gleam of a fire in a native hut and heard bawling voices 




and the barking of dogs as we slid past in the night. But for the 
most part we sat alone with the jungle orehestra under the stars, till 
drowsiness and rain drove us into the cabin of leaves, where we 
went to sleep with our pistols loose in their holsters. 

The farther downstream we drifted, the thicker became the huts 
and native plantations, and soon there were regular villages on the 
banks. The traffic here consisted of dugout canoes punted along 
with long poles, and now and then we saw a little balsa raft loaded 
with heaps of green bananas bound for market. 

Where the Palenque joined the Rio Guayas, the water had risen 
so high that the paddle steamer was plying busily between Vinces 
and Guayaquil down on the coast. To save valuable time Herman 
and I each got a hammock on board the paddle steamer and 
steamed off across the thickly populated flat country to the coast. 
Our brown friends were to follow, drifting down alone with the 
timber. 

At Guayaquil Herman and I parted. He was to remain at the 
mouth of the Guayas to stop the balsa logs as they came drifting 
down. Thence he was to take them, as cargo on a coasting steamer, 
to Peru, where he was to direct the building of the raft and make a 
faithful copy of the Indians’ old-time vessels. I myself took the 
regular plane southward to Lima, the capital of Peru, to find a 
suitable place for building the raft. 

The plane ascended to a great height along the shore of the 
Pacific, with the desert mountains in Peru on one side and a 
glittering ocean far below us on the other. It was here we were to 
put to sea on board the raft. The sea seemed endless when seen 




from a plane high up. Sky and sea melted into each other along an 
indefinable horizon far, far away to the westward, and I could not 
rid myself of the thought that even beyond that horizon many 
hundred similar sea plains curved onward round a fifth of the 
earth before there was any more land — in Polynesia. I tried to 
project my thoughts a few weeks ahead, when we should be 
drifting on a speck of a raft on that blue expanse below, but 
quickly dismissed the thought again, for it gave me the same 
unpleasant feeling inside as sitting in readiness to jump with a 
parachute. 

On my arrival in Lima I took the street car down to the port of 
Callao to find a place where we could build the raft. I saw at once 
that the whole harbor was chock-full of ships and cranes and 
warehouses, with customs sheds and harbor offices and all the 
rest. And, if there was any open beach farther out, it swarmed with 
bathers to such a degree that inquisitive people would pull the raft 
and fittings to pieces as soon as our backs were turned. Callao was 
now the most important port in a country of seven million people, 
white and brown. Times had changed for raft-builders in Peru 
even more than in Ecuador, and I saw only one possibility — to get 
inside the high concrete walls round the naval harbor, where 
armed men stood on guard behind the iron gate and cast menacing 
and suspicious looks on me and other unauthorized persons who 
loafed past the walls. If one could only get in there, one would be 
safe. 

I had met the Peruvian naval attache in Washington and had a 
letter from him to support me. I went to the Ministry of Marine 
next day with the letter and sought an audience of the minister of 




marine, Manuel Nieto. He received in the morning in the elegant 
Empire drawing room of the Ministry, gleaming with mirrors and 
gilding. After a time he himself came in in full uniform, a short 
broadly built officer, as stern as Napoleon, straightforward and 
concise in his manner of speech. He asked why and I said why. I 
asked to be allowed to build a wooden raft in the naval dockyard. 

“Young man,” said the minister, drumming uneasily with his 
fingers. “You’ve come in by the window instead of the door. I’ll be 
glad to help you, but the order must come from the foreign 
minister to me; I can’t let foreigners into the naval area and give 
them the use of the dockyard as a matter of course. Apply to the 
Foreign Ministry in writing, and good luck.” 

I thought apprehensively of papers circulating and disappearing 
into the blue. Happy were the rude days of Kon-Tiki, when 
applications were an unknown hindrance! 

To see the foreign minister in person was considerably harder. 
Norway had no local legation in Peru, and our helpful Consul 
General Bahr could, therefore, take me no farther than the 
counselors of the Foreign Ministry. I was afraid things would get 
no further. Dr. Cohen’s letter to the President of the republic might 
come in useful now. So I sought through his adjutant an audience 
of His Excellency Don Jose Bustamante y Rivero, president of 
Peru. A day or two later I was told to be at the palace at twelve 
o’clock. 

Lima is a modern city, with half a million inhabitants, and lies 
spread over a green plain at the foot of the desert mountains. 
Architecturally, and thanks not least to its gardens and plantations. 




it is surely one of the most beautiful capitals in the world — a bit of 
modern California or Riviera variegated with old Spanish 
architecture. The president’s palace lies in the middle of the city 
and is strongly guarded by armed sentries in gaily colored 
costumes. An audience in Peru is a serious business, and few 
people have seen the president except on the screen. Soldiers in 
shining bandoleers escorted me upstairs and to the end of a long 
corridor; here my name was taken and registered by three civilians, 
and I was shown through a colossal oak door into a room with a 
long table and rows of chairs. A man dressed in white received me, 
asked me to sit down, and disappeared. A moment later a large 
door opened, and I was shown into a much handsomer room, 
where an imposing person in a spotless uniform advanced toward 
me. 

“The President,” I thought, drawing myself up. But no. The man 
in the gold-edged uniform offered me an antique straight-backed 
chair and disappeared. I had sat on the edge of my chair for barely 
a minute when yet another door opened and a servant bowed me 
into a large gilded room with gilded furniture and splendidly 
decorated. The fellow vanished as quickly as he had appeared, and 
I sat quite alone on an antique sofa with a view of a string of 
empty rooms whose doors stood open. It was so silent that I could 
hear someone coughing cautiously several rooms away. Then 
steady steps approached, and I jumped up and hesitatingly greeted 
an imposing gentleman in uniform. But, no, this too was not he. 
But I understood enough of what he said to gather that the 
President sent me his greetings and would be free very soon when 
a meeting of ministers was over. 




Ten minutes later steady steps once more broke the silence, and 
this time a man with gold lace and epaulets came in. I sprang 
briskly from the sofa and bowed deeply The man bowed still 
more deeply and led me through several rooms and up a staircase 
with thick carpets. Then he left me in a tiny little room with one 
leather-covered chair and one sofa. In came a little man in a white 
suit, and I waited resignedly to see where he intended to take me. 
But he took me nowhere, only greeted me amiably and remained 
standing. This was President Bustamante y Rivero. 

The President had twice as much English as I had Spanish, so 
when we had greeted one another and he had begged me with a 
gesture to sit down, our common vocabulary was exhausted. Signs 
and gesticulations will do a lot, but they will not get one 
permission to build a raft in a naval harbor in Peru. The only thing 
I perceived was that the President did not understand what I was 
saying, and he grasped that still more clearly himself, for in a little 
while he disappeared and came back with the air minister. The air 
minister. General Rev credo, was a vigorous athletic man in an Air 
Force uniform. He spoke English splendidly with an American 
accent. 

I apologized for the misunderstanding and said it was not to the 
airfield that I had been trying to ask for admission but to the naval 
harbor. The general laughed and explained that he had only been 
called in as interpreter. Bit by bit the theory was translated to the 
President, who listened closely and put sharp questions through 
General Rev credo. At last he said: 

“If it is possible that the Pacific islands were first discovered 
from Peru, Peru has an interest in this expedition. If we can do 




anything for you, tell us.” 

I asked for a place where we could build the raft within the 
walls of the naval area, access to the naval workshops, a place for 
the storage of equipment and facilities for bringing it into the 
country, the use of the dry dock and of naval personnel to help us 
in the work, and a vessel to tow us out from the coast when we 
started. 

“What is he asking for?” the President asked eagerly, so that I 
too understood. 

“Nothing much,” Reveredo answered, looking at me with a 
twinkle in his eye. And the President, satisfied, nodded as a sign of 
approval. 

Before the meeting broke up, Reveredo promised that the 
foreign minister should receive orders from the President 
personally, and that Minister of Marine Nieto should be given a 
free hand to give us all the help we had asked for. 

“God preserve you all!” said the General, laughing and shaking 
his head. The adjutant came in and escorted me out to a waiting 
messenger. 

That day the Lima papers published a paragraph about the 
Norwegian raft expedition which was to start from Peru; at the 
same time they announced that a Swedish-Finnish scientific 
expedition had finished its studies among the jungle Indians in the 
Amazon regions. Two of the Swedish members of the Amazon 
expedition had come on up the river by canoe to Peru and had just 
arrived in Lima. One was Bengt Danielsson, from Uppsala 




University, who was now going to study the mountain Indians in 
Peru. 

I cut out the paragraph, and was sitting in my hotel writing to 
Herman about the site for building the raft, when I was interrupted 
by a knock on the door. In came a tall sunburned fellow in tropical 
clothes, and, when he took off his white helmet, it looked as if his 
flaming red beard had burned his face and scorched his hair thin. 
That fellow came from the wilds, but his place was clearly a 
lecture room. 

“Bengt Daniels son,” I thought. 

“Bengt Danielsson,” said the man, introducing himself. 

“He’s heard about the raft,” I thought and asked him to sit down. 

“I’ve just heard of the raft plans,” said the Swede. 

“And now he’s come to knock down the theory, because he’s an 
ethnologist,” I thought. 

“And now I’ve come to ask if I may come with you on the raft,” 
the Swede said peaceably. “I’m interested in the migration theory.” 

I knew nothing about the man except that he was a scientist and 
that he had come straight out of the depths of the jungle. But if a 
solitary Swede had the pluck to go out on a raft with five 
Norwegians, he could not be squeamish. And not even that 
imposing beard could hide his placid nature and gay humor. 

Bengt became the sixth member of the crew, for the place was 
still vacant. And he was the only one who spoke Spanish. 

When the passenger plane droned northward along the coast a 




few days later with me on board, I again looked down with respect 
on to the endless blue sea beneath us. It seemed to hang and float 
loose under the firmament itself. Soon we six were to be packed 
together like microbes on a mere speck, down there where there 
was so much water that it looked as if it overflowed all along the 
western horizon. We were to be part of a desolate world without 
being able to get more than a few steps away from one another. 
For the time being, at any rate, there was elbowroom enough 
between us. Herman was in Ecuador waiting for the timber. Knut 
Haugland and Torstein Raaby had just arrived in New York by air. 
Erik Hesselberg was on board ship from Oslo, bound for Panama. 
I myself was en route for Washington by air, and Bengt was in the 
hotel at Lima ready to start, waiting to meet the others. 

No two of these men had met before, and they were all of 
entirely different types. That being so, we should have been on the 
raft for some weeks before we got tired of one another’s stories. 
No storm clouds with low pressure and gusty weather held greater 
menace for us than the danger of psychological cloudburst among 
six men shut up together for months on a drifting raft. In such 
circumstances a good joke was often as valuable as a life belt. 

Up in Washington there was still bitter winter weather when I 
came back — cold and snowy February. Bjorn had tackled the radio 
problem and had interested the Radio Amateur League of America 
in listening in for reports from the raft. Knut and Torstein were 
busy preparing the transmission, which was to be done partly with 
short-wave transmitters specially constructed for our purpose and 
partly with secret sabotage sets used during the war. There were a 
thousand things to prepare, big and small, if we were to do all that 




we planned on the voyage. 

And the piles of paper in the files grew. Military and civilian 
documents — ^white, yellow, and blue — in English, Spanish, French, 
and Norwegian. Even a raft trip had to cost the paper industry half 
a fir tree in our practical age! Eaws and regulations tied our hands 
everywhere, and knot after knot had to be loosened in turn. 

“I’ll swear this correspondence weighs twenty pounds,” said 
Knut one day despairingly as he bent over his typewriter. 

“Twenty-six,” said Torstein drily. “I’ve weighed it.” 

My mother must have had a clear idea of the conditions in these 
days of dramatic preparation when she wrote: “And I only wish I 
knew you were all six safe on board the raft!” 

Then one day an express telegram came from Eima. Herman had 
been caught in the backwash of a breaker and flung ashore, badly 
injured, with his neck dislocated. He was under treatment in Eima 
Hospital. 

Torstein Raaby was sent down by air at once with Gerd Void, 
the popular Eondon secretary of the Norwegian parachute 
saboteurs in the war, who was now helping us in Washington. 
They found Herman better; he had been hung up by a strap round 
his head for half an hour while the doctors twisted the atlas 
vertebra in his neck back into position. The X-ray picture showed 
that the highest bone in his neck was cracked and had been turned 
right around. Herman’s splendid condition had saved his life, and 
he was soon back, blue and green and stiff and rheumatic, in the 
naval dockyard, where he had assembled the balsa wood and 




started the work. He had to remain in the doctor’s hands for 
several weeks, and it was doubtful whether he would be able to 
make the voyage with us. He himself never doubted it for a 
moment, despite his initial rough handling in the embrace of the 
Pacific. 

Then Erik arrived by air from Panama and Knut and I from 
Washington, and so we were all assembled at the starting point in 
Lima. 

Down in the naval dockyard lay the big balsa logs from the 
Quevedo forest. It was really a pathetic sight. Fresh-cut round 
logs, yellow bamboos, reeds, and green banana leaves lay in a 
heap, our building materials, in between rows of threatening gray 
submarines and destroyers. Six fair-skinned northerners and 
twenty brown Peruvian seamen with Inca blood in their veins 
swung axes and long machete knives and tugged at ropes and 
knots. Trim naval officers in blue and gold walked over and stared 
in bewilderment at these pale strangers and their crude vegetable 
materials which had suddenly appeared in the midst of their proud 
naval yard. 

For the first time for hundreds of years a balsa raft was being 
built in Callao Bay. In these coastal waters, where Inca legends 
affirm that their ancestors first learned to sail such rafts from Kon- 
Tiki’s vanished clan, modern Indians were forbidden to build such 
rafts by men of our own race. Sailing on an open raft can cost 
human lives. The descendants of the Incas have moved with the 
times; like us, they have creases in their trousers and are safely 
protected by the guns of their naval craft. Bamboo and balsa 
belong to the primitive past; here, too, life is marching on — to 




armor and steel. 

The ultramodern doekyard gave us wonderful support. With 
Bengt as interpreter and Herman as chief constructor we had the 
run of the carpenter’s and sailmaker’s shops, as well as half the 
storage space as a dump for our equipment and a small floating 
pier where the timber was put into the water when the building 
began. 

Nine of the thickest logs were chosen as sufficient to form the 
actual raft. Deep grooves were cut in the wood to prevent the 
ropes which were to fasten them and the whole raft together from 
slipping. Not a single spike, nail, or wire rope was used in the 
whole construction. The nine great logs were first laid loose side 
by side in the water so that they might all fall freely into their 
natural floating position before they were lashed securely together. 
The longest log, 45 feet long, was laid in the middle and projected 
a long way at both ends. Shorter and shorter logs were laid 
symmetrically on both sides of this, so that the sides of the raft 
were 30 feet long and the bow stuck out like a blunt plow. Astern 
the raft was cut off straight across, except that the three middle 
logs projected and supported a short thick block of balsa wood 
which lay athwart ship and held tholepins for the long steering oar. 
When the nine balsa logs were lashed securely together with 
separate lengths of inch-and-a-quarter hemp rope, the lighter balsa 
logs were made fast crossways over them at intervals of about 3 
feet. 

The raft itself was now complete, laboriously fastened together 
with about three hundred different lengths of rope, each firmly 
knotted. A deck of split bamboos was laid upon it, fastened to it in 




the form of separate strips and eovered with loose mats of plaited 
bamboo reeds. In the middle of the raft, but nearer the stern, we 
erected a small open cabin of bamboo canes, with walls of plaited 
bamboo reeds and a roof of bamboo slats with leathery banana 
leaves overlapping one another like tiles. Forward of the cabin we 
set up two masts side by side. They were cut from mangrove 
wood, as hard as iron, and leaned toward each other, so that they 
were lashed together crosswise at the top. The big rectangular 
square sail was hauled up on a yard made of two bamboo stems 
bound together to secure double strength. 

The nine big logs of timber which were to carry us over the sea 
were pointed at their forward ends in native fashion that they 
might glide more easily through the water, and quite low 
splashboards were fastened to the bow above the surface of the 
water. 

At various places, where there were large chinks between the 
logs, we pushed down in all five solid fir planks which stood on 
their edges in the water under the raft. They were scattered about 
without system and went down 5 feet into the water, being 1 inch 
thick and 2 feet wide. They were kept in place with wedges and 
ropes and served as tiny parallel keels or centerboards. 
Centerboards of this kind were used on all the balsa rafts of Inca 
times, long before the time of the discoveries, and were meant to 
prevent the flat wooden rafts from drifting sideways with wind 
and sea. We did not make any rail or protection round the raft, but 
we had a long slim balsa log which afforded foothold along each 
side. 

The whole construction was a faithful copy of the old vessels in 




Peru and Ecuador except for the low splashboards in the bow, 
which later proved to be entirely unnecessary After finishing the 
raft itself, of course, we could arrange the details on board as we 
liked, so long as they had no effect on the movement and quality 
of the vessel. We knew that this raft was to be our whole world in 
the time that lay before us and that, consequently, the smallest 
detail on board would increase in dimensions and importance as 
the weeks passed. 

Therefore we gave the little deck as much variation as possible. 
The bamboo strips did not deck in the whole raft but formed a 
floor forward of the bamboo cabin and along the starboard side of 
it where the wall was open. The port side of the cabin was a kind 
of back yard full of boxes and gear made fast, with a narrow edge 
left to walk along. Forward in the bow, and in the stern as far as 
the after wall of the cabin, the nine gigantic logs were not decked 
in at all. So, when we moved round the bamboo cabin, we stepped 
from yellow bamboos and wickerwork down on to the round gray 
logs astern and up again on to piles of cargo on the other side. It 
was not many steps, but the psychological effect of the irregularity 
gave us variation and compensated us for our limited freedom of 
movement. Up at the masthead we placed a wooden platform, not 
so much in order to have a lookout post, when at last we came to 
land, as to be able to clamber up while en route and look at the sea 
from another angle. 

When the raft began to take shape and lay there among the 
warships, golden and fresh with ripe bamboos and green leaves, 
the minister of marine himself came to inspect us. We were 
immensely proud of our vessel as she lay there, a brave little 




reminder of Inca times among the threatening big warships. But 
the minister of marine was utterly horrified by what he saw. I was 
summoned to the naval office to sign a paper freeing the Navy 
from all responsibility for what we had built in its harbor, and to 
the harbor master to sign a paper saying that, if I left the harbor 
with men and cargo on board, it was entirely on my own 
responsibility and at my own risk. 

Later a number of foreign naval experts and diplomats were 
admitted to the dockyard to see the raft. They were no more 
encouraging, and a few days afterward I was sent for by the 
ambassador of one of the Great Powers. 

“Are your parents living?” he asked me. And, when I replied in 
the affirmative, he looked me straight in the eyes and said in a 
hollow voice, full of foreboding: 

“Your mother and father will be very grieved when they hear of 
your death.” 

As a private individual he begged me to give up the voyage 
while there was yet time. An admiral who had inspected the raft 
had told him that we should never get across alive. In the first 
place, the raft’s dimensions were wrong. It was so small that it 
would founder in a big sea; at the same time it was just long 
enough to be lifted up by two lines of waves at the same time, and 
with the raft filled with men and cargo the fragile balsa logs would 
break under the strain. And, what was worse, the biggest balsa 
exporter in the country had told him that the porous balsa logs 
would float only a quarter of the distance across the sea before 
they became so completely waterlogged that they would sink under 




US. 



This sounded bad but, as we stuck to our guns, we were given a 
Bible as a present to take with us on our voyage. All in all, there 
was little encouragement to be had from the experts who looked at 
the raft. Gales and perhaps hurricanes would wash us overboard 
and destroy the low, open craft, which would simply lie helpless 
and drift in circles about the ocean before wind and sea. Even in 
an ordinary choppy sea we should be continually drenched with 
salt water which would take the skin off our legs and ruin 
everything on board. If we added up all that the different experts, 
each in turn, had pointed out as the vital flaw in the construction 
itself, there was not a length of rope, not a knot, not a 
measurement, not a piece of wood in the whole raft which would 
not cause us to founder at sea. High wagers were made as to how 
many days the raft would last, and a flippant naval attache bet all 
the whisky the members of the expedition could drink for the rest 
of their lives if they reached the South Sea islands alive. 

Worst of all was when a Norwegian ship came into port and we 
took the skipper and one or two of his most experienced sea dogs 
into the dockyard. We were eager to hear their practical reactions. 
And our disappointment was great when they all agreed that the 
blunt-bowed, clumsy craft would never get any help from the sail, 
while the skipper maintained that, if we kept afloat, the raft would 
take a year or two to drift across with the Humboldt Current. The 
boatswain looked at our lashings and shook his head. We need not 
worry. The raft would not hold together for a fortnight before 
every single rope was worn through, for when at sea the big logs 
would be continually moving up and down and rubbing against 




one another. Unless we used wire ropes or chains, we might as 
well pack up. 

These were difficult arguments to stifle. If only one of them 
proved to be right, we had not a chance. I am afraid I asked myself 
many times if we knew what we were doing. I could not counter 
the warnings one by one myself because I was not a seaman. But I 
had in reserve one single trump in my hand, on which the whole 
voyage was founded. I knew all the time in my heart that a 
prehistoric civilization had been spread from Peru and across to 
the islands at a time when rafts like ours were the only vessels on 
that coast. And I drew the general conclusion that, if balsa wood 
had floated and lashings held for Kon-Tiki in 500 A.D., they 
would do the same for us now if we blindly made our raft an exact 
copy of his. Bengt and Herman had gone into the theory most 
thoroughly, and, while the experts lamented, all the boys took the 
thing quite calmly and had a royal time in Lima. There was just 
one evening when Torstein asked anxiously if I was sure the ocean 
currents went the right way. We had been to the movies and seen 
Dorothy Lamour dancing about in a straw skirt among pahns and 
hula girls on a lovely South Sea island. 

“That’s where we must go,” said Torstein. “And I’m sorry for 
you if the currents don’t go as you say they do!” 

When the day of our departure was approaching, we went to the 
regular passport control office to get permission to leave the 
country. Bengt stood first in the line as interpreter. 

“What is your name?” asked a ceremonious little clerk, looking 
suspiciously over his spectacles at Bengt’s huge beard. 




“Bengt Emmerik Danielsson,” Bengt answered respectfully. 

The man put a long form into his typewriter. 

“By what boat did you come to Peru?” 

“Well, you see,” Bengt explained, bending over the mild little 
man, “I didn’t come by boat. I came to Peru by canoe.” 

The man looked at Bengt dumb with astonishment and tapped 
out “canoe” in an open space on the form. 

“And by what boat are you leaving Peru?” 

“Well, you see, again,” said Bengt politely, “I’m not leaving Peru 
by boat. I’m leaving by raft.” 

“A likely story!” the clerk cried angrily and tore the paper out of 
the machine. “Will you please answer my questions properly?” 

A few days before we sailed, provisions and water and all our 
equipment were stowed on board the raft. We took provisions for 
six men for four months, in the form of solid little cardboard 
cartons containing military rations. Herman had the idea of boiling 
asphalt and pouring it so as to make a level layer round each 
separate carton. Then we strewed sand on the cartons, to prevent 
them from sticking together, and stowed them, packed close, under 
the bamboo deck where they filled the space between the nine low 
crossbeams which supported the deck. 

At a crystal-clear spring high up in the mountains we filled fifty- 
six small water cans with 275 gallons of drinking water. These, 
too, we made fast in between the crossbeams so that the sea might 
always splash round them. On the bamboo deck we lashed fast the 




rest of the equipment including large wicker baskets full of fruit, 
roots, and coconuts. 

Knut and Torstein took one corner of the bamboo cabin for the 
radio, and inside the hut, down between the crossbeams, we made 
fast eight boxes. Two were reserved for scientific instruments and 
films; the other six were allotted one to each of us, with an 
intimation that each man could take with him as much private 
property as he could find room for in his own box. As Erik had 
brought several rolls of drawing paper and a guitar, his box was so 
full that he had to put his stockings in Torstein’s. It took four 
seamen to carry Bengt’s box on board. He brought nothing but 
books but he had managed to cram in seventy-three sociological 
and ethnological works. We laid plaited reed mats and our straw 
mattresses on top of the boxes and then we were ready to start. 

First, the raft was towed out of the naval area and paddled 
round in the harbor for a while to see if the cargo was stowed 
evenly. Then she was towed across to the Callao Yacht Club, 
where invited guests and other persons interested were to be 
present at the naming of the raft the day before we sailed. 

On April 27, 1947, the Norwegian flag was hoisted. Along a 
yard at the masthead waved the flags of the foreign countries 
which had given the expedition practical support. The quay was 
packed with people who wanted to see the strange craft christened. 
Both color and lineaments betrayed that many of them had remote 
ancestors who had sailed along the coast on balsa rafts. But there 
were also descendants of the old Spaniards, headed by 
representatives of the Peruvian Navy and the government, besides 
the ambassadors of the United States, Great Britain, France, China, 




Argentina, and Cuba; the former governor of the British colonies 
in the Pacific; the Swedish and Belgian ministers; and our friends 
from the little Norwegian colony with Consul General Bahr at their 
head. There were swarms of journalists and a clicking of movie 
cameras; indeed, the only things that were lacking were a brass 
band and a big drum. One thing was quite clear to us all — if the 
raft went to pieces outside the bay, we would paddle to Polynesia, 
each of us on a log, rather than dare come back here again. 

Gerd Void, the expedition’s secretary and contact on the 
mainland, was to christen the raft with milk from a coconut, partly 
to be in harmony with the Stone Age and partly because, owing to 
a misunderstanding, the champagne had been put at the bottom of 
Torstein’s private box. When our friends had been told in English 
and Spanish that the raft was named after the Incas’ great 
forerunner — the sun-king who had vanished westward over the 
sea from Peru and appeared in Polynesia 1,500 years ago — Gerd 
Void christened the raft Kon-Tiki. She smashed the coconut 
(previously cracked) so hard against the bow that milk and bits of 
coconut filled the hair of all those who stood reverently around. 

Then the bamboo yard was hauled up and the sail shaken out, 
with Kon-Tiki’s bearded head, painted in red by our artist Erik, in 
its center. It was a faithful copy of the sun-king’s head cut in red 
stone on a statue in the ruined city of Tiahuanaco. 

“Ah! Senor Danielsson,” the foreman of our dockyard workers 
cried in delight when he saw the bearded face on the sail. 

He had called Bengt Senor Kon-Tiki for two months, ever since 
we had shown him the bearded face of Kon-Tiki on a piece of 




paper. But now he had at last realized that Danielsson was Bengt’s 
right name. 

Before we sailed, we all had a farewell audience with the 
President, and then we went for a trip far up into the black 
mountains to look our fill on rock and scree before we drifted out 
into the endless ocean. While we were working on the raft down 
on the coast, we had stayed in a boardinghouse in a palm grove 
outside Lima and driven to and from Callao in an Air Ministry car 
with a private chauffeur whom Gerd had contrived to borrow for 
the expedition. Now we asked the chauffeur to drive us straight to 
the mountains, as far in as he could get in one day. We drove up 
over desert roads, along old irrigation canals from Inca times, till 
we came to the dizzy height of 12,000 feet above the raft’s mast. 
Here we simply devoured rocks and mountain peaks and green 
grass with our eyes and tried to surfeit ourselves with the tranquil 
mountain mass of the Andes range that lay before us. We tried to 
convince ourselves that we were thoroughly tired of stone and 
solid earth and wanted to sail out and get to know the sea. 




4 



A CR OSS THE PA CIFIC 



A Dramatic Start — 

We Are Towed Out to Sea — 

A Wind Springs Up — Fighting the Waves — 

Life in the Humboldt Current — 

Plane Fails to Find Us — 

Logs Absorb Water — 

Wood against Ropes — Flying Fish for Meals — 
An Unusual Bedfellow — 

Snakefish Makes a Blunder — Eyes in the Sea — 
A Marine Ghost Story — 

We Meet the World s Biggest Fish — 

A Sea-Turtle Hunt 



Across the Pacific 



THERE WAS A BUSTLE IN CALLAO HARBOR THE DAY the 




Kon-Tiki was to be towed out to sea. The minister of marine had 
ordered the naval tug Guardian Rios to tow us out of the bay and 
cast us off clear of the coastal traffic, out where in times gone by 
the Indians used to lie fishing from their rafts. The papers had 
published the news under both red and black headlines, and there 
was a crowd of people down on the quays from early in the 
morning of April 28. 

We six who were to assemble on board all had little things to do 
at the eleventh hour, and, when I came down to the quay, only 
Herman was there keeping guard over the raft. I intentionally 
stopped the car a long way off and walked the whole length of the 
mole to stretch my legs thoroughly for the last time for no one 
knew how long. I jumped on board the raft, which looked an utter 
chaos of banana clusters, fruit baskets, and sacks which had been 
hurled on board at the very last moment and were to be stowed 
and made fast. In the middle of the heap Herman sat resignedly 
holding on to a cage with a green parrot in it, a farewell present 
from a friendly soul in Lima. 

“Look after the parrot a minute,” said Herman. “I must go 
ashore and have a last glass of beer. The tug won’t be here for 
hours.” 

He had hardly disappeared among the swarm on the quay when 
people began to point and wave. And round the point at full speed 
came the tug Guardian Rios. She dropped anchor on the farther 
side of a waving forest of masts which blocked the way in to the 
Kon-Tiki and sent in a large motorboat to tow us out between the 
sailing craft. She was packed full of seamen, officers, and movie 
photographers, and, while orders rang out and cameras clicked, a 




stout towrope was made fast to the raft’s bow. 

“Un momenta, ” I shouted in despair from where I sat with the 
parrot. “It’s too early; we must wait for the others — los 
expedicionarios, ” I explained and pointed toward the eity. 

But nobody understood. The officers only smiled politely, and 
the knot at our bow was made fast in more than exemplary 
manner. I cast off the rope and flung it overboard with all manner 
of signs and gesticulations. The parrot utilized the opportunity 
afforded by all the confusion to stick its beak out of the cage and 
turn the knob of the door, and when I turned round it was strutting 
cheerfully about the bamboo deck. I tried to catch it, but it 
shrieked rudely in Spanish and fluttered away over the banana 
clusters. With one eye on the sailors who were trying to cast a rope 
over the bow I started a wild chase after the parrot. It fled 
shrieking into the bamboo cabin, where I got it into a corner and 
caught it by one leg as it tried to flutter over me. When I came out 
again and stuffed my flapping trophy into its cage, the sailors on 
land had cast off the raft’s moorings, and we were dancing 
helplessly in and out with the backwash of the long swell that 
came rolling in over the mole. In despair I seized a paddle and 
vainly tried to parry a violent bump as the raft was flung against 
the wooden piles of the quay. Then the motorboat started, and with 
a jerk the Kon-Tiki began her long voyage. 

My only companion was a Spanish- speaking parrot which sat 
glaring sulkily in a cage. People on shore cheered and waved, and 
the swarthy movie photographers in the motorboat almost jumped 
into the sea in their eagerness to catch every detail of the 
expedition’s dramatic start from Peru. Despairing and alone I stood 




on the raft looking out for my lost companions, but none 
appeared. So we came out to the Guardian Rios, which was lying 
with steam up ready to lift anchor and start. I was up the rope 
ladder in a twinkling and made so much row on board that the 
start was postponed and a boat sent back to the quay. It was away a 
good while, and then it came back full of pretty sefioritas but 
without a single one of the Kon-Tiki’s missing men. This was all 
very well but it did not solve my problems, and, while the raft 
swarmed with charming sefioritas, the boat went back on a fresh 
search for los expedicionarios noruegos. 

Meanwhile Erik and Bengt came sauntering down to the quay 
with their arms full of reading matter and odds and ends. They met 
the whole stream of people on its way home and were finally 
stopped at a police barrier by a kindly official who told them there 
was nothing more to see. Bengt told the officer, with an airy 
gesture of his cigar, that they had not come to see anything; they 
themselves were going with the raft. 

“It’s no use,” the officer said indulgently. “The Kon-Tiki sailed 
an hour ago.” 

“Impossible,” said Erik, producing a parcel. “Here’s the lantern!” 

“And there’s the navigator,” said Bengt, “and I’m the steward.” 

They forced their way past, but the raft had gone. They trotted 
desperately to and fro along the mole where they met the rest of 
the party, who also were searching eagerly for the vanished raft. 
Then they caught sight of the boat coming in, and so we were all 
six finally united and the water was foaming round the raft as the 
Guardian Rios towed us out to sea. 




It had been late in the afternoon when at last we started, and the 
Guardian Rios would not cast us off till we were clear of the 
coastal traffic next morning. Directly we were clear of the mole we 
met a bit of a head sea, and all the small boats which were 
accompanying us turned back one by one. Only a few big yachts 
came with us out to the entrance to the bay to see how things 
would go out there. 

The Kon-Tiki followed the tug like an angry billy goat on a rope, 
and she butted her bow into the head sea so that the water rushed 
on board. This did not look very promising, for this was a cahn 
sea compared with what we had to expect. In the middle of the bay 
the towrope broke, and our end of it sank peacefully to the bottom 
while the tug steamed ahead. We flung ourselves down along the 
side of the raft to fish for the end of the rope, while the yachts 
went on and tried to stop the tug. Stinging jellyfish as thick as 
washtubs splashed up and down with the seas alongside the raft 
and covered all the ropes with a slippery, stinging coating of jelly. 
When the raft rolled one way, we hung flat over the side waving 
our arms down toward the surface of the water, until our fingers 
just touched the slimy towrope. Then the raft rolled back again, 
and we all stuck our heads deep down into the sea, while salt water 
and giant jellyfish poured over our backs. We spat and cursed and 
pulled jellyfish fibers out of our hair, but when the tug came back 
the rope end was up and ready for splicing. 

When we were about to throw it on board the tug, we suddenly 
drifted in under the vessel’s overhanging stern and were in danger 
of being crushed against her by the pressure of the water. We 
dropped everything we had and tried to push ourselves clear with 




bamboo sticks and paddles before it was too late. But we never got 
a proper position, for when we were in the trough of the sea we 
could not reach the iron roof above us, and when the water rose 
again the Guardian Rios dropped her whole stern down into the 
water and would have crushed us flat if the suction had carried us 
underneath. Up on the tug’s deck people were running about and 
shouting; at last the propeller began to turn alongside us, and it 
helped us clear of the backwash under the Guardian Rios in the 
last second. The bow of the raft had had a few hard knocks and 
had become a little crooked in the lashings, but this fault rectified 
itself by degrees. 

“When a thing starts so damnably, it’s bound to end well,” said 
Herman. “If only this towing could stop; it’ll shake the raft to bits.” 

The towing went on all night at a slow speed and with only one 
or two small hitches. The yachts had bidden us farewell long ago, 
and the last coast light had disappeared astern. Only a few ships’ 
lights passed us in the darkness. We divided the night into watches 
to keep an eye on the towrope, and we all had a good snateh of 
sleep. When it grew light next morning, a thiek mist lay over the 
eoast of Peru, while we had a brilliant blue sky ahead of us to 
westward. The sea was running in a long quiet swell covered with 
little white crests, and clothes and logs and everything we took 
hold of were soaking wet with dew. It was chilly, and the green 
water round us was astonishingly cold for 12° south. 

We were in the Humboldt Current, which carries its cold masses 
of water up from the Antarctic and sweeps them north all along the 
coast of Peru till they swing west and out aeross the sea just below 
the Equator. It was out here that Pizarro, Zarate, and the other early 




Spaniards saw for the first time the Inca Indians’ big sailing rafts, 
which used to go out for 50 to 60 sea miles to catch tunnies and 
dolphins in the same Humboldt Current. All day long there was an 
offshore wind out here, but in the evening the onshore wind 
reached as far out as this and helped the rafts home if they needed 
it. 

In the early light we saw our tug lying close by, and we took 
care that the raft lay far enough away from her bow while we 
launched our little inflated rubber dinghy. It floated on the waves 
like a football and danced away with Erik, Bengt, and myself till 
we caught hold of the Guardian Rios ’ rope ladder and clambered 
on board. With Bengt as interpreter we had our exact position 
shown us on our chart. We were 50 sea miles from land in a 
northwesterly direction from Callao, and we were to carry lights 
the first few nights so as not to be sunk by coasting ships. Farther 
out we would not meet a single ship, for no shipping route ran 
through that part of the Pacific. 

We took a ceremonious farewell of all on board, and many 
strange looks followed us as we climbed down into the dinghy and 
went tumbling back over the waves to the Kon-Tiki. Then the 
towrope was cast off and the raft was alone again. Thirty-five men 
on board the Guardian Rios stood at the rail waving for as long as 
we could distinguish outlines. And six men sat on the boxes on 
board the Kon-Tiki and followed the tug with their eyes as long as 
they could see her. Not till the black column of smoke had 
dissolved and vanished over the horizon did we shake our heads 
and look at one another. 

“Good-by, good-by,” said Torstein. “Now we’ll have to start the 




engine, boys!” 

We laughed and felt the wind. There was a rather light breeze, 
which had veered from south to southeast. We hoisted the bamboo 
yard with the big square sail. It only hung down slack, giving Kon- 
Tiki’s face a wrinkled, discontented appearance. 

“The old man doesn’t like it,” said Erik. “There were fresher 
breezes when he was young.” 

“It looks as if we were losing ground,” said Herman, and he 
threw a piece of balsa wood overboard at the bow. 

“One- two -three ... thirty-nine, forty, forty-one.” 

The piece of balsa wood still lay quietly in the water alongside 
the raft; it had not yet moved halfway along our side. 

“We’ll have to go over with it,” said Torstein optimistically. 

“Hope we don’t drift astern with the evening breeze,” said 
Bengt. “It was great fun saying good-by at Callao, but I’d just as 
soon miss our welcome back again!” 

Now the piece of wood had reached the end of the raft. We 
shouted hurrah and began to stow and make fast all the things that 
had been flung on board at the last moment. Bengt set up a primus 
stove at the bottom of an empty box, and soon after we were 
regaling ourselves on hot cocoa and biscuits and making a hole in 
a fresh coconut. The bananas were not quite ripe yet. 

“We’re well off now in one way,” Erik chuckled. He was rolling 
about in wide sheepskin trousers under a huge Indian hat, with the 
parrot on his shoulder. “There’s only one thing I don’t like,” he 




added, “and that’s all the little-known crosscurrents which can 
fling us right upon the rocks along the coast if we go on lying here 
like this.” 

We considered the possibility of paddling but agreed to wait for 
a wind. 

And the wind came. It blew up from the southeast quietly and 
steadily. Soon the sail filled and bent forward like a swelling 
breast, with Kon-Tiki’s head bursting with pugnacity. And the 
Kon-Tiki began to move. We shouted westward ho! and hauled on 
sheets and ropes. The steering oar was put into the water, and the 
watch roster began to operate. We threw balls of paper and chips 
of wood overboard at the bow and stood aft with our watches. 

“One, two, three .... eighteen, nineteen — now!” 

Paper and chips passed the steering oar and soon lay like pearls 
on a thread, dipping up and down in the trough of the waves 
astern. We went forward yard by yard. The Kon-Tiki did not plow 
through the sea like a sharp-prowed racing craft. Blunt and broad, 
heavy and solid, she splashed sedately forward over the waves. 
She did not hurry, but when she had once got going she pushed 
ahead with unshakable energy. 

At the moment the steering arrangements were our greatest 
problem. The raft was built exactly as the Spaniards described it, 
but there was no one living in our time who could give us a 
practical advance course in sailing an Indian raft. The problem had 
been thoroughly discussed among the experts on shore but with 
meager results. They knew just as little about it as we did. As the 
southeasterly wind increased in strength, it was necessary to keep 




the raft on such a course that the sail was filled from astern. If the 
raft turned her side too much to the wind, the sail suddenly swung 
round and banged against cargo and men and bamboo cabin, while 
the whole raft turned round and continued on the same course 
stern first. It was a hard struggle, three men fighting with the sail 
and three others rowing with the long steering oar to get the nose 
of the wooden raft round and away from the wind. And, as soon 
as we got her round, the steersman had to take good care that the 
same thing did not happen again the next minute. 

The steering oar, nineteen feet long, rested loose between two 
tholepins on a large block astern. It was the same steering oar our 
native friends had used when we floated the timber down the 
Palenque in Ecuador. The long mangrove-wood pole was as tough 
as steel but so heavy that it would sink if it fell overboard. At the 
end of the pole was a large oar blade of fir wood lashed on with 
ropes. It took all our strength to hold this long steering oar steady 
when the seas drove against it, and our fingers were tired out by 
the convulsive grip which was necessary to turn the pole so that 
the oar blade stood straight up in the water. This last problem was 
finally solved by our lashing a crosspiece to the handle of the 
steering oar so that we had a sort of lever to turn. And meanwhile 
the wind increased. 

By the late afternoon the trade wind was already blowing at full 
strength. It quickly stirred up the ocean into roaring seas which 
swept against us from astern. For the first time we fully realized 
that here was the sea itself come to meet us; it was bitter earnest 
now — our communications were cut. Whether things went well 
now would depend entirely on the balsa raft’s good qualities in the 




open sea. We knew that, from now onward, we should never get 
another onshore wind or chance of turning back. We were in the 
path of the real trade wind, and every day would carry us farther 
and farther out to sea. The only thing to do was to go ahead under 
full sail; if we tried to turn homeward, we should only drift farther 
out to sea stern first. There was only one possible course, to sail 
before the wind with our bow toward the sunset. And, after all, 
that was the object of our voyage — to follow the sun in its path as 
we thought Kon-Tiki and the old sun-worshipers must have done 
when they were driven out to sea from Peru. 

We noted with triumph and relief how the wooden raft rose up 
over the first threatening wave crests that came foaming toward us. 
But it was impossible for the steersman to hold the oar steady 
when the roaring seas rolled toward him and lifted the oar out of 
the tholepins, or swept it to one side so that the steersman was 
swung round like a helpless acrobat. Not even two men at once 
could hold the oar steady when the seas rose against us and poured 
down over the steersmen aft. We hit on the idea of running ropes 
from the oar blade to each side of the raft; and with other ropes 
holding the oar in place in the tholepins it obtained a limited 
freedom of movement and could defy the worst seas if only we 
ourselves could hold on. 

As the troughs of the sea gradually grew deeper, it became clear 
that we had moved into the swiftest part of the Humboldt Current. 
This sea was obviously caused by a current and not simply raised 
by the wind. The water was green and cold and everywhere about 
us; the jagged mountains of Peru had vanished into the dense 
cloud banks astern. When darkness crept over the waters, our first 




duel with the elements began. We were still not sure of the sea; we 
were still uncertain whether it would show itself a friend or an 
enemy in the intimate proximity we ourselves had sought. When, 
swallowed up by the darkness, we heard the general noise from 
the sea around us suddenly deafened by the hiss of a roller close 
by and saw a white crest come groping toward us on a level with 
the cabin roof, we held on tight and waited uneasily to feel the 
masses of water smash down over us and the raft. 

But every time there was the same surprise and relief. The Kon- 
Tiki calmly swung up her stern and rose skyward unperturbed, 
while the masses of water rolled along her sides. Then we sank 
down again into the trough of the waves and waited for the next 
big sea. The biggest seas often came two or three in succession, 
with a long series of smaller seas in between. It was when two big 
seas followed each other too closely that the second broke on 
board aft, because the first was still holding our bow in the air. It 
became, therefore, an unbreakable law that the steering watch must 
have ropes round their waists, the other ends of which were made 
fast to the raft, for there were no bulwarks. Their task was to keep 
the sail filled by holding stern to sea and wind. 

We had made an old boat’s compass fast to a box aft so that Erik 
could check our course and calculate our position and speed. For 
the time being it was uncertain where we were, for the sky was 
overclouded and the horizon one single chaos of rollers. Two men 
at a time took turns as steering watch and, side by side, they had to 
put all their strength into the fight with the leaping oar, while the 
rest of us tried to snatch a little sleep inside the open bamboo 
cabin. 




When a really big sea came, the men at the helm left the steering 
to the ropes and, jumping up, hung on to a bamboo pole from the 
cabin roof, while the masses of water thundered in over them from 
astern and disappeared between the logs or over the side of the 
raft. Then they had to fling themselves at the oar again before the 
raft could turn round and the sail thrash about. For, if the raft took 
the seas at an angle, the waves could easily pour right into the 
bamboo cabin. When they came from astern, they disappeared 
between the projecting logs at once and seldom came so far 
forward as the cabin wall. The round logs astern let the water pass 
as if through the prongs of a fork. The advantage of a raft was 
obviously this: the more leaks the better. Through the gaps in our 
floor the water ran out but never in. 

About midnight a ship’s light passed in a northerly direction. At 
three another passed on the same course. We waved our little 
paraffin lamp and hailed them with flashes from an electric torch, 
but they did not see us and the lights passed slowly northward into 
the darkness and disappeared. Little did those on board realize that 
a real Inca raft lay close to them, tumbling among the waves. And 
just as little did we on board the raft realize that this was our last 
ship and the last trace of men we should see till we had reached the 
other side of the ocean. 

We clung like flies, two and two, to the steering oar in the 
darkness and felt the fresh sea water pouring off our hair while the 
oar hit us till we were tender both behind and before and our 
hands grew stiff with the exertion of hanging on. We had a good 
schooling those first days and nights; it turned landlubbers into 
seamen. For the first twenty-four hours every man, in unbroken 




succession, had two hours at the helm and three hours’ rest. We 
arranged that every hour a fresh man should relieve one of the two 
steersmen who had been at the hehn for two hours. 

Every single muscle in the body was strained to the uttermost 
throughout the watch to cope with the steering. When we were 
tired out with pushing the oar, we went over to the other side and 
pulled, and when arms and chest were sore with pressing, we 
turned our backs while the oar kneaded us green and blue in front 
and behind. When at last the relief came, we crept half-dazed into 
the bamboo cabin, tied a rope round our legs, and fell asleep with 
our salty clothes on before we could get into our sleeping bags. 
Almost at the same moment there came a brutal tug at the rope; 
three hours had passed, and one had to go out again and relieve 
one of the two men at the steering oar. 

The next night was still worse; the seas grew higher instead of 
going down. Two hours on end of struggling with the steering oar 
was too long; a man was not much use in the second half of his 
watch, and the seas got the better of us and hurled us round and 
sideways, while the water poured on board. Then we changed over 
to one hour at the helm and an hour and a half’s rest. So the first 
sixty hours passed, in one continuous struggle against a chaos of 
waves that rushed upon us, one after another, without cessation. 
High waves and low waves, pointed waves and round waves, 
slanting waves and waves on top of other waves. 

The one of us who suffered worst was Knut. He was let off 
steering watch, but to compensate for this he had to sacrifice to 
Neptune and suffered silent agonies in a corner of the cabin. The 
parrot sat sulkily in its cage, hanging on with its beak and flapping 




its wings every time the raft gave an unexpected pitch and the sea 
splashed against the wall from astern. The Kon-Tiki did not roll 
excessively She took the seas more steadily than any boat of the 
same dimensions, but it was impossible to predict which way the 
deck would lean each time, and we never learned the art of 
moving about the raft easily, for she pitched as much as she rolled. 

On the third night the sea went down a bit, although it was still 
blowing hard. About four o’clock an unexpected deluge came 
foaming through the darkness and knocked the raft right round 
before the steersmen realized what was happening. The sail 
thrashed against the bamboo cabin and threatened to tear both the 
cabin and itself to pieces. All hands had to go on deck to secure 
the cargo and haul on sheets and stays in the hope of getting the 
raft on her right course again, so that the sail might fill and curve 
forward peacefully. But the raft would not right herself. She would 
go stern foremost, and that was all. The only result of all our 
hauling and pushing and rowing was that two men nearly went 
overboard in a sea when the sail caught them in the dark. 

The sea had clearly become calmer. Stiff and sore, with skinned 
palms and sleepy eyes, we were not worth a row of beans. Better 
to save our strength in case the weather should call us out to a 
worse passage of arms. One could never know. So we furled the 
sail and rolled it round the bamboo yard. The Kon-Tiki lay 
sideways on to the seas and took them like a cork. Everything on 
board was lashed fast, and all six of us crawled into the little 
bamboo cabin, huddled together, and slept like mummies in a 
sardine tin. 

We little guessed that we had struggled through the hardest 




steering of the voyage. Not till we were far out on the ocean did 
we discover the Incas’ simple and ingenious way of steering a raft. 

We did not wake till well on in the day, when the parrot began to 
whistle and halloo and dance to and fro on its perch. Outside the 
sea was still running high but in long, even ridges and not so wild 
and confused as the day before. The first thing we saw was that the 
sun was beating down on the yellow bamboo deck and giving the 
sea all round us a bright and friendly aspect. What did it matter if 
the seas foamed and rose high so long as they only left us in peace 
on the raft? What did it matter if they rose straight up in front of 
our noses when we knew that in a second the raft would go over 
the top and flatten out the foaming ridge like a steam roller, while 
the heavy threatening mountain of water only lifted us up in the air 
and rolled groaning and gurgling under the floor? The old masters 
from Peru knew what they were doing when they avoided a 
hollow hull which could fill with water, or a vessel so long that it 
would not take the waves one by one. A cork steam roller — that 
was what the balsa raft amounted to. 

Erik took our position at noon and found that, in addition to our 
run under sail, we had made a big deviation northward along the 
coast. We still lay in the Humboldt Current just 100 sea miles from 
land. The great question was whether we would get into the 
treacherous eddies south of the Galapagos Islands. This could have 
fatal consequences, for up there we might be swept in all 
directions by strong ocean currents making toward the coast of 
Central America. But, if things went as we calculated, we should 
swing west across the sea with the main current before we got as 
far north as the Galapagos. The wind was still blowing straight 




from southeast. We hoisted the sail, turned the raft stern to sea, and 
continued our steering watches. 

Knut had now recovered from the torments of seasickness, and 
he and Torstein clambered up to the swaying masthead, where they 
experimented with mysterious radio aerials which they sent up 
both by balloon and by kite. Suddenly one of them shouted from 
the radio corner of the cabin that he could hear the naval station at 
Lima calling us. They were telling us that the American 
ambassador’s plane was on its way out from the coast to bid us a 
last good-by and see what we looked like at sea. Soon after we 
obtained direct contact with the operator in the plane and then a 
completely unexpected chat with the secretary to the expedition, 
Gerd Void, who was on board. We gave our position as exactly as 
we could and sent direction-finding signals for hours. The voice in 
the ether grew stronger and weaker as ARMY- 119 circled round 
near and far and searched. But we did not hear the drone of the 
engines and never saw the plane. It was not easy to find the low 
raft down in the trough of the seas, and our own view was strictly 
limited. At last the plane had to give it up and returned to the coast. 
It was the last time anyone tried to search for us. 

The sea ran high in the days that followed, but the waves came 
hissing along from the southeast with even spaces between them 
and the steering went more easily. We took the sea and wind on the 
port quarter, so that the steersman got fewer seas over him and the 
raft went more steadily and did not swing round. We noted 
anxiously that the southeast trade wind and the Humboldt Current 
were, day after day, sending us straight across on a course leading 
to the countercurrents round the Galapagos Islands. And we were 




going due northwest so quickly that our daily average in those 
days was 55 to 60 sea miles, with a record of 71 sea miles in one 
day 

“Are the Galapagos a nice place to go to?” Knut asked cautiously 
one day, looking at our chart where a string of pearls indicating 
our positions was marked and resembled a finger pointing 
balefully toward the accursed Galapagos Islands. “Hardly,” I said. 
“The Inca Tupak Yupanqui is said to have sailed from Ecuador to 
the Galapagos just before the time of Columbus, but neither he nor 
any other native settled there because there was no water.” 

“O.K.,” said Knut. “Then we damned well won’t go there. I 
hope we don’t anyhow.” 

We were now so accustomed to having the sea dancing round us 
that we took no account of it. What did it matter if we danced 
round a bit with a thousand fathoms of water under us, so long as 
we and the raft were always on top? It was only that here the next 
question arose — how long could we count on keeping on top? It 
was easy to see that the balsa logs absorbed water. The aft 
crossbeam was worse than the others; on it we could press our 
whole finger tip into the soaked wood till the water squelched. 
Without saying anything I broke off a piece of the sodden wood 
and threw it overboard. It sank quietly beneath the surface and 
slowly vanished down into the depths. Later I saw two or three of 
the other fellows do exactly the same when they thought no one 
was looking. They stood looking reverently at the waterlogged 
piece of wood sinking quietly into the green water. 

We had noted the water line on the raft when we started, but in 




the rough sea it was impossible to see how deep we lay, for one 
moment the logs were lifted out of the water and the next they 
went deep down into it. But, if we drove a knife into the timber, 
we saw to our joy that the wood was dry an inch or so below the 
surface. We calculated that, if the water continued to force its way 
in at the same pace, the raft would be lying and floating just under 
the surface of the water by the time we could expect to be 
approaching land. But we hoped that the sap further in would act 
as an impregnation and check the absorption. 

Then there was another menace which troubled our minds a 
little during the first weeks. The ropes. In the daytime we were so 
busy that we thought little about it, but, when darkness had fallen 
and we had crept into bed on the cabin floor, we had more time to 
think, feel, and listen. As we lay there, each man on his straw 
mattress, we could feel the reed matting under us heaving in time 
with the wooden logs. In addition to the movements of the raft 
itself all nine logs moved reciprocally. When one came up, another 
went down with a gentle heaving movement. They did not move 
much, but it was enough to make one feel as if one were lying on 
the back of a large breathing animal, and we preferred to lie on a 
log lengthways. The first two nights were the worst, but then we 
were too tired to bother about it. Later the ropes swelled a little in 
the water and kept the nine logs quieter. 

But all the same there was never a flat surface on board which 
kept quite still in relation to its surroundings. As the foundation 
moved up and down and round at every joint, everything else 
moved with it. The bamboo deck, the double mast, the four plaited 
walls of the cabin, and the roof of slats with the leaves on it — all 




were made fast just with ropes and twisted about and lifted 
themselves in opposite directions. It was almost unnoticeable but it 
was evident enough. If one corner went up, the other corner came 
down, and if one half of the roof dragged all its laths forward, the 
other half dragged its laths astern. And, if we looked out through 
the open wall, there was still more life and movement, for there the 
sky moved quietly round in a circle while the sea leaped high 
toward it. 

The ropes took the whole pressure. All night we could hear 
them creaking and groaning, chafing and squeaking. It was like 
one single complaining chorus round us in the dark, each rope 
having its own note according to its thickness and tautness. 

Every morning we made a thorough inspection of the ropes. We 
were even let down with our heads in the water over the edge of 
the raft, while two men held us tight by the ankles, to see if the 
ropes on the bottom of the raft were all right. But the ropes held. A 
fortnight the seamen had said. Then all the ropes would be worn 
out. But, in spite of this consensus of opinion, we had not so far 
found the smallest sign of wear. Not till we were far out to sea did 
we find the solution. The balsa wood was so soft that the ropes 
wore their way slowly into the wood and were protected, instead 
of the logs wearing the ropes. 





Steering watch. We divided the day and night into watches of two 



hours. Although the waves often towered round us as high as our 
mast tops, the raft always rode over them in style. Author at the 
steering oar. 




Toward Polynesia in sunny weather. With the help of ocean 
currents and trade winds we moved westward without 
interruption. Our average speed was as much as 42 V 2 sea miles a 
day. 

The cooks first duty in the morning was to collect all the flying 
fish which had landed on deck during the night. 





A fresh breeze. With a good wind we danced over the waves so that 
the raft groaned and creaked; 71 sea miles in a day was our 
record. 

View astern from the mast. Many thousand tons of water poured 
in astern daily and vanished between the logs. 



Evening. Watzinger takes the last weather observation; we eat our 
supper outside the cabin entrance; the lantern is hung up; and 
the sun sinks into the Pacific with a brilliant display of colors. 

After a week or so the sea grew calmer, and we noticed that it 
became blue instead of green. We began to go west-northwest 
instead of due northwest and took this as the first faint sign that we 
had got out of the coastal current and had some hope of being 
carried out to sea. 

The very first day we were left alone on the sea we had noticed 
fish round the raft, but we were too much occupied with the 
steering to think of fishing. The second day we went right into a 
thick shoal of sardines, and soon afterward an eight-foot blue 
shark came along and rolled over with its white belly uppermost as 
it rubbed against the raft’s stern, where Herman and Bengt stood 
barelegged in the seas, steering. It played round us for a while but 
disappeared when we got the hand harpoon ready for action. 

Next day we were visited by tunnies, bonitos, and dolphins, and 
when a big flying fish thudded on board we used it as bait and at 
once pulled in two large dolphins (dorados) weighing from twenty 
to thirty-five pounds each. This was food for several days. On 
steering watch we could see many fish we did not even know, and 
one day we came into a school of porpoises which seemed quite 
endless. The black backs tumbled about, packed close together, 
right in to the side of the raft, and sprang up here and there all over 
the sea as far as we could see from the masthead. And the nearer 
we came to the Equator, and the farther from the coast, the 
commoner flying fish became. When at last we came out into the 




blue water where the sea rolled by majestically, sunlit and serene, 
ruffled by gusts of wind, we could see them glittering like a rain of 
projectiles which shot from the water and flew in a straight line till 
their power of flight was exhausted and they vanished beneath the 
surface. 

If we set the little paraffin lamp out at night, flying fish were 
attracted by the light and, large and small, shot over the raft. They 
often struck the bamboo cabin or the sail and tumbled helpless on 
the deck. Unable to get a take-off by swimming through the water, 
they just remained lying and kicking helplessly, like large-eyed 
herrings with long breast fins. It sometimes happened that we 
heard an outburst of strong language from a man on deck when a 
cold flying fish came unexpectedly, at a good speed, slap into his 
face. They always came at a good pace and snout first, and if they 
caught one full in the face they made it burn and tingle. But the 
unprovoked attack was quickly forgiven by the injured party, for, 
with all its drawbacks, we were in a maritime land of enchantment 
where delicious fish dishes came hurling through the air. We used 
to fry them for breakfast, and whether it was the fish, the cook, or 
our appetites, they reminded us of fried troutlings once we had 
scraped the scales off. 

The cook’s first duty, when he got up in the morning, was to go 
out on deck and collect all the flying fish that had landed on board 
in the course of the night. There were usually half a dozen or 
more, and once we found twenty- six fat flying fish on the raft. 
Knut was much upset one morning because, when he was standing 
operating with the frying pan, a flying fish struck him on the hand 
instead of landing right in the cooking fat. 




Our neighborly intimacy with the sea was not fully realized by 
Torstein till he woke one morning and found a sardine on his 
pillow. There was so little room in the cabin that Torstein had to lie 
with his head in the doorway, and, if anyone inadvertently trod on 
his face when going out at night, he bit him in the leg. He grasped 
the sardine by the tail and confided to it understandingly that all 
sardines had his entire sympathy. We conscientiously drew in our 
legs so that Torstein should have more room the next night, but 
then something happened which caused Torstein to find himself a 
sleeping place on top of all the kitchen utensils in the radio corner. 

It was a few nights later. It was overcast and pitch dark, and 
Torstein had placed the paraffin lamp close by his head, so that the 
night watches could see where they were treading when they crept 
in and out over his head. About four o’clock Torstein was 
awakened by the lamp tumbling over and something cold and wet 
flapping about his ears. “Flying fish,” he thought and felt for it in 
the darkness to throw it away. He caught hold of something long 
and wet, which wriggled like a snake, and let go as if he had 
burned himself. The unseen visitor twisted itself away and over to 
Herman, while Torstein tried to get the lamp lighted again. Herman 
started up, too, and this made me wake, thinking of the octopus 
which came up at night in these waters. 

When we got the lamp lighted, Herman was sitting in triumph 
with his hand gripping the neck of a long thin fish which wriggled 
in his hands like an eel. The fish was over three feet long, as 
slender as a snake, with dull black eyes and a long snout with a 
greedy jaw full of long sharp teeth. The teeth were as sharp as 
knives and could be folded back into the roof of the mouth to 




make way for what was swallowed. Under Herman’s grip a large- 
eyed white fish, about eight inches long, was suddenly thrown up 
from the stomach and out of the mouth of the predatory fish, and 
soon after up came another like it. These were clearly two deep- 
water fish, much torn by the snakefish’s teeth. The snakefish’s thin 
skin was bluish violet on the back and steel blue underneath, and it 
came loose in flakes when we took hold of it. 

Bengt too was awakened at last by all the noise, and we held the 
lamp and the long fish under his nose. He sat up drowsily in his 
sleeping bag and said solemnly: 

“No, fish like that don’t exist.” 

With which he turned over quietly and fell asleep again. 

Bengt was not far wrong. It appeared later that we six sitting 
round the lamp in the bamboo cabin were the first men to have 
seen this fish alive. Only the skeleton of a fish like this one had 
been found a few times on the coast of South America and the 
Galapagos Islands; ichthyologists called it Gempylus, or snake 
mackerel, and thought it lived at the bottom of the sea at a great 
depth because no one had ever seen it alive. But, if it lived at a 
great depth, it must have done so by day when the sun blinded its 
big eyes. For on dark nights Gempylus was abroad high over the 
surface of the sea; we on the raft had experience of that. 

A week after the rare fish had landed on Torstein’s sleeping bag, 
we had another visit. Again it was four in the morning, and the 
new moon had set so that it was dark but the stars were shining. 
The raft was steering easily, and when my watch was over I took a 
turn along the edge of the raft to see if everything was shipshape 




for the new watch. I had a rope round my waist, as the watch 
always had, and, with the paraffin lamp in my hand, I was walking 
carefully along the outermost log to get round the mast. The log 
was wet and slippery, and I was furious when someone quite 
unexpectedly caught hold of the rope behind me and jerked till I 
nearly lost my balance. I turned round wrathfully with the lantern, 
but not a soul was to be seen. There came a new tug at the rope, 
and I saw something shiny lying writhing on the deck. It was a 
fresh Gempylus, and this time it had got its teeth so deep into the 
rope that several of them broke before I got the rope loose. 
Presumably the light of the lantern had flashed along the curving 
white rope, and our visitor from the depths of the sea had caught 
hold in the hope of jumping up and snatching an extra long and 
tasty tidbit. It ended its days in ajar of Formalin. 

The sea contains many surprises for him who has his floor on a 
level with the surface and drifts along slowly and noiselessly. A 
sportsman who breaks his way through the woods may come back 
and say that no wild life is to be seen. Another may sit down on a 
stump and wait, and often rustlings and cracklings will begin and 
curious eyes peer out. So it is on the sea, too. We usually plow 
across it with roaring engines and piston strokes, with the water 
foaming round our bow. Then we come back and say that there is 
nothing to see far out on the ocean. 

Not a day passed but we, as we sat floating on the surface of the 
sea, were visited by inquisitive guests which wriggled and waggled 
about us, and a few of them, such as dolphins and pilot fish, grew 
so familiar that they accompanied the raft across the sea and kept 
round us day and night. 




When night had fallen and the stars were twinkling in the dark 
tropical sky, a phosphorescence flashed around us in rivalry with 
the stars, and single glowing plankton resembled round live coals 
so vividly that we involuntarily drew in our bare legs when the 
glowing pellets were washed up round our feet at the raft’s stern. 
When we caught them, we saw that they were little brightly shining 
species of shrimp. On such nights we were sometimes scared 
when two round shining eyes suddenly rose out of the sea right 
alongside the raft and glared at us with an unblinking hypnotic 
stare. The visitors were often big squids which came up and 
floated on the surface with their devilish green eyes shining in the 
dark like phosphorus. But sometimes the shining eyes were those 
of deep-water fish which came up only at night and lay staring, 
fascinated by the glimmer of light before them. Several times, 
when the sea was calm, the black water round the raft was 
suddenly full of round heads two or three feet in diameter, lying 
motionless and staring at us with great glowing eyes. On other 
nights balls of light three feet and more in diameter would be 
visible down in the water, flashing at irregular intervals like electric 
lights turned on for a moment. 

We gradually grew accustomed to having these subterranean or 
submarine creatures under the floor, but nevertheless we were just 
as surprised every time a new species appeared. About two o’clock 
on a cloudy night, when the man at the helm had difficulty in 
distinguishing black water from black sky, he caught sight of a 
faint illumination down in the water which slowly took the shape 
of a large animal. It was impossible to say whether it was plankton 
shining on its body, or whether the animal itself had a 




phosphorescent surface, but the glimmer down in the black water 
gave the ghostly creature obscure, wavering outlines. Sometimes it 
was roundish, sometimes oval, or triangular, and suddenly it split 
into two parts which swam to and fro under the raft independently 
of each other. Finally there were three of these large shining 
phantoms wandering round in slow circles under us. 

They were real monsters, for the visible parts alone were some 
five fathoms long, and we all quickly collected on deck and 
followed the ghost dance. It went on for hour after hour, following 
the course of the raft. Mysterious and noiseless, our shining 
companions kept a good way beneath the surface, mostly on the 
starboard side where the light was, but often they were right under 
the raft or appeared on the port side. The glimmer of light on their 
backs revealed that the beasts were bigger than elephants but they 
were not whales, for they never came up to breathe. Were they 
giant ray fish which changed shape when they turned over on their 
sides? They took no notice at all if we held the light right down on 
the surface to lure them up, so that we might see what kind of 
creatures they were. And, like all proper goblins and ghosts, they 
had sunk into the depths when the dawn began to break. 

We never got a proper explanation of this nocturnal visit from 
the three shining monsters, unless the solution was afforded by 
another visit we received a day and a half later in the full midday 
sunshine. It was May 24, and we were lying drifting on a leisurely 
swell in exactly 95° west by 7° south. It was about noon, and we 
had thrown overboard the guts of two big dolphins we had caught 
earlier in the morning. I was having a refreshing plunge overboard 
at the bow, lying in the water but keeping a good lookout and 




hanging on to a rope end, when I caught sight of a thick brown 
fish, six feet long, which came swimming inquisitively toward me 
through the crystal-clear sea water. I hopped quickly up on to the 
edge of the raft and sat in the hot sun looking at the fish as it 
passed quietly, when I heard a wild war whoop from Knut, who 
was sitting aft behind the bamboo cabin. He bellowed “Shark!” till 
his voice cracked in a falsetto, and, as we had sharks swimming 
alongside the raft almost daily without creating such excitement, 
we all realized that this must be something extraspecial and flocked 
astern to Knut’s assistance. 

Knut had been squatting there, washing his pants in the swell, 
and when he looked up for a moment he was staring straight into 
the biggest and ugliest face any of us had ever seen in the whole of 
our lives. It was the head of a veritable sea monster, so huge and 
so hideous that, if the Old Man of the Sea himself had come up, he 
could not have made such an impression on us. The head was 
broad and flat like a frog’s, with two small eyes right at the sides, 
and a toadlike jaw which was four or five feet wide and had long 
fringes drooping from the corners of the mouth. Behind the head 
was an enormous body ending in a long thin tail with a pointed tail 
fin which stood straight up and showed that this sea monster was 
not any kind of whale. The body looked brownish under the 
water, but both head and body were thickly covered with small 
white spots. 

The monster came quietly, lazily swimming after us from astern. 
It grinned like a bulldog and lashed gently with its tail. The large 
round dorsal fin projected clear of the water and sometimes the tail 
fin as well, and, when the creature was in the trough of the swell. 




the water flowed about the broad back as though washing round a 
submerged reef. In front of the broad jaws swam a whole crowd 
of zebra-striped pilot fish in fan formation, and large remora fish 
and other parasites sat firmly attached to the huge body and 
traveled with it through the water, so that the whole thing looked 
like a curious zoological collection crowded round something that 
resembled a floating deep-water reef. 

A twenty- five-pound dolphin, attached to six of our largest 
fishhooks, was hanging behind the raft as bait for sharks, and a 
swarm of the pilot fish shot straight off, nosed the dolphin without 
touching it, and then hurried back to their lord and master, the sea 
king. Like a mechanical monster it set its machinery going and 
came gliding at leisure toward the dolphin which lay, a beggarly 
trifle, before its jaws. We tried to pull the dolphin in, and the sea 
monster followed slowly, right up to the side of the raft. It did not 
open its mouth but just let the dolphin bump against it, as if to 
throw open the whole door for such an insignificant scrap was not 
worth while. When the giant came close up to the raft, it rubbed its 
back against the heavy steering oar, which was just lifted up out of 
the water, and now we had ample opportunity of studying the 
monster at the closest quarters — at such close quarters that I 
thought we had all gone mad, for we roared stupidly with laughter 
and shouted overexcitedly at the completely fantastic sight we saw. 
Walt Disney himself, with all his powers of imagination, could not 
have created a more hair-raising sea monster than that which thus 
suddenly lay with its terrific jaws along the raft’s side. 

The monster was a whale shark, the largest shark and the largest 
fish known in the world today. It is exceedingly rare, but scattered 




specimens are observed here and there in the tropical oceans. The 
whale shark has an average length of fifty feet, and according to 
zoologists it weighs fifteen tons. It is said that large specimens can 
attain a length of sixty feet; one harpooned baby had a liver 
weighing six hundred pounds and a collection of three thousand 
teeth in each of its broad jaws. 

Our monster was so large that, when it began to swim in circles 
round us and under the raft, its head was visible on one side while 
the whole of its tail stuck out on the other. And so incredibly 
grotesque, inert, and stupid did it appear when seen fullface that 
we could not help shouting with laughter, although we realized that 
it had strength enough in its tail to smash both balsa logs and ropes 
to pieces if it attacked us. Again and again it described narrower 
and narrower circles just under the raft, while all we could do was 
to wait and see what might happen. When it appeared on the other 
side, it glided amiably under the steering oar and lifted it up in the 
air, while the oar blade slid along the creature’s back. 

We stood round the raft with hand harpoons ready for action, 
but they seemed to us like toothpicks in relation to the mammoth 
beast we had to deal with. There was no indication that the whale 
shark ever thought of leaving us again; it circled round us and 
followed like a faithful dog, close up to the raft. None of us had 
ever experienced or thought we should experience anything like it; 
the whole adventure, with the sea monster swimming behind and 
under the raft, seemed to us so completely unnatural that we could 
not really take it seriously. 

In reality the whale shark went on encircling us for barely an 
hour, but to us the visit seemed to last a whole day. At last it 




became too exciting for Erik, who was standing at a corner of the 
raft with an eight-foot hand harpoon, and, encouraged by ill- 
considered shouts, he raised the harpoon above his head. As the 
whale shark came gliding slowly toward him and its broad head 
moved right under the corner of the raft, Erik thrust the harpoon 
with all his giant strength down between his legs and deep into the 
whale shark’s gristly head. It was a second or two before the giant 
understood properly what was happening. Then in a flash the 
placid half-wit was transformed into a mountain of steel muscles. 

We heard a swishing noise as the harpoon line rushed over the 
edge of the raft and saw a cascade of water as the giant stood on its 
head and plunged down into the depths. The three men who were 
standing nearest were flung about the place, head over heels, and 
two of them were flayed and burned by the line as it rushed 
through the air. The thick line, strong enough to hold a boat, was 
caught up on the side of the raft but snapped at once like a piece of 
twine, and a few seconds later a broken-off harpoon shaft came up 
to the surface two hundred yards away. A shoal of frightened pilot 
fish shot off through the water in a desperate attempt to keep up 
with their old lord and master. We waited a long time for the 
monster to come racing back like an infuriated submarine, but we 
never saw anything more of him. 

We were now in the South Equatorial Current and moving in a 
westerly direction just 400 sea miles south of the Galapagos. There 
was no longer any danger of drifting into the Galapagos currents, 
and the only contacts we had with this group of islands were 
greetings from big sea turtles which no doubt had strayed far out 
to sea from the islands. One day we saw a thumping turtle lying 




struggling with its head and one great fin above the surface of the 
water. As the swell rose, we saw a shimmer of green and blue and 
gold in the water under the turtle, and we discovered that it was 
engaged in a life-and-death struggle with dolphins. The fight was 
apparently quite one-sided; it consisted in twelve to fifteen big- 
headed, brilliantly colored dolphins attacking the turtle’s neck and 
fins and apparently trying to tire it out, for the turtle could not lie 
for days on end with its head and paddles drawn inside its shell. 

When the turtle caught sight of the raft, it dived and made 
straight for us, pursued by the glittering fish. It came close up to 
the side of the raft and was showing signs of wanting to climb up 
on to the timber when it caught sight of us already standing there. 
If we had been more practiced, we could have captured it with 
ropes without difficulty as the huge carapace paddled quietly along 
the side of the raft. But we spent the time that mattered in staring, 
and when we had the lasso ready the giant turtle had already 
passed our bow. We flung the little rubber dinghy into the water, 
and Herman, Bengt, and Torstein went in pursuit of the turtle in the 
round nutshell, which was not a great deal bigger than what swam 
ahead of them. Bengt, as steward, saw in his mind’s eye endless 
meat dishes and a most delicious turtle soup. 

But the faster they rowed, the faster the turtle slipped through 
the water just below the surface, and they were not more than a 
hundred yards from the raft when the turtle suddenly disappeared 
without a trace. But they had done one good deed at any rate. For 
when the little yellow rubber dinghy came dancing back over the 
water, it had the whole glittering school of dolphins after it. They 
circled round the new turtle, and the boldest snapped at the oar 




blades which dipped into the water like fins; meanwhile, the 
peaceful turtle escaped successfully from all its ignoble 
persecutors. 




5 



HALFWAY 

Daily Life and Experiments — 

Drinking Water for Raftsmen — 

Potato and Gourd Reveal a Message — 

Coconuts and Crabs — Johannes — 

We Sail through Fish Soup — Plankton — 

Edible Phosphorescence — 

Encounter with Whales — Ants and Barnacles — 
Swimming Pets — 

The Dolphin as a Companion — 

Catching Sharks — 

The Kon-Tiki Becomes a Sea Monster — 

Pilot Fish and Remora Left Us by Sharks — 
Flying Squids — Unknown Visitors — 

The Diving Basket — 

With Tunny and Bonito 
in Their Own Elemen — 

The Spurious Reef — 

Centerboard Solves a Riddle - Halfway 



Halfway 




THE WEEKS PASSED. WE SAW NO SIGN EITHER OF A ship or 
of drifting remains to show that there were other people in the 
world. The whole sea was ours, and, with all the gates of the 
horizon open, real peace and freedom were wafted down from the 
firmament itself. 

It was as though the fresh salt tang in the air, and all the blue 
purity that surrounded us, had washed and cleansed both body and 
soul. To us on the raft the great problems of civilized man 
appeared false and illusory — like perverted products of the human 
mind. Only the elements mattered. And the elements seemed to 
ignore the little raft. Or perhaps they accepted it as a natural object, 
which did not break the harmony of the sea but adapted itself to 
current and sea like bird and fish. Instead of being a fearsome 
enemy, flinging itself at us, the elements had become a reliable 
friend which steadily and surely helped us onward. While wind 
and waves pushed and propelled, the ocean current lay under us 
and pulled, straight toward our goal. 

If a boat had cruised our way on any average day out at sea, it 
would have found us bobbing quietly up and down over a long 
rolling swell covered with little white-crested waves, while the 
trade wind held the orange sail bent steadily toward Polynesia. 

Those on board would have seen, at the stern of the raft, a 
brown bearded man with no clothes on, either struggling 




desperately with a long steering oar while he hauled on a tangled 
rope, or, in calm weather, just sitting on a box dozing in the hot 
sun and keeping a leisurely hold on the steering oar with his toes. 

If this man happened not to be Bengt, the latter would have been 
found lying on his stomach in the cabin door with one of his 
seventy-three sociological books. Bengt had further been 
appointed steward and was responsible for fixing the daily rations. 
Herman might have been found anywhere at any time of the day — 
at the masthead with meteorological instruments, underneath the 
raft with diving goggles on checking a centerboard, or in tow in 
the rubber dinghy, busy with balloons and curious measuring 
apparatus. He was our technical chief and responsible for 
meteorological and hydrographical observations. 

Knut and Torstein were always doing something with their wet 
dry batteries, soldering irons, and circuits. All their wartime 
training was required to keep the little radio station going in spray 
and dew a foot above the surface of the water. 





An unusual bedfellow. We were the first to see a living snake 
mackerel (Latin name Gempylus). It jumped on board one night 
and got into Torstein s sleeping bag. 

A bout with a tunny was an exciting sport. There were fish enough 
in the sea to feed a whole flotilla of rafts. 




Inside the bamboo cabin we were protected against both wind and 
tropical sun. The walls were of plaited bamboo and the roof oj 
banana leaves, so that we almost felt we were in a virgin forest 
instead of at sea. From left: Watzinger, Haugland, Raaby, 
Danielsson, the author. 





On opposite page: Watzinger with a bonito. This fish was 
certainly the best eating. It sometimes happened that bonitos 
swam on board with the waves. 





Beneath Kon-TikVs bearded face. The head on the sail was copied 
from a stone carving ofKon-Tiki, the prehistoric chieftain who led 
a fair-skinned civilized people across the Pacific 1,500 years ago. 

Windless weather and tropical heat troubled us very little. When 
the sea was calm, we made long trips in our little rubber boat. 




Every night they took turns sending our reports and weather 
observations out into the ether, where they were picked up by 
chance radio amateurs who passed the reports on to the 
Meteorological Institute in Washington and other destinations. Erik 
was usually sitting patching sails and splicing ropes, or carving in 
wood and drawing sketches of bearded men and odd fish. And at 
noon every day he took the sextant and mounted a box to look at 
the sun and find out how far we had moved since the day before. I 
myself had enough to do with the logbook and reports and the 
collecting of plankton, fishing, and filming. Every man had his 
sphere of responsibility, and no one interfered with the others’ 
work. All difficult jobs, like steering watch and cooking, were 
divided equally. Every man had two hours each day and two hours 



each night at the steering oar. And duty as cook was in accordance 
with a daily roster. There were few laws and regulations on board, 
except that the night watch must have a rope round his waist, that 
the lifesaving rope had its regular place, that all meals were 
consumed outside the cabin wall, and that the “right place” was 
only at the farthest end of the logs astern. If an important decision 
was to be taken on board, we called a powwow in Indian style and 
discussed the matter together before anything was settled. 

An ordinary day on board the Kon-Tiki began with the last night 
watch shaking some life into the cook, who crawled out sleepily 
on to the dewy deck in the morning sun and began to gather flying 
fish. Instead of eating the fish raw, according to both Polynesian 
and Peruvian recipes, we fried them over a small primus stove at 
the bottom of a box which stood lashed fast to the deck outside the 
cabin door. This box was our kitchen. Here there was usually 
shelter from the southeast trade wind which regularly blew on to 
our other quarter. Only when the wind and sea juggled too much 
with the primus flame did it set fire to the wooden box, and once, 
when the cook had fallen asleep, the whole box became a mass of 
flames which spread to the very wall of the bamboo cabin. But the 
fire on the wall was quickly put out when the smoke poured into 
the hut, for, after all, we had never far to go for water on board the 
Kon-Tiki. 

The smell of fried fish seldom managed to wake the snorers 
inside the bamboo cabin, so the cook usually had to stick a fork 
into them or sing “Breakfast’s ready!” so out of tune that no one 
could bear to listen to him any longer. If there were no sharks’ fins 
alongside the raft, the day began with a quick plunge in the Pacific, 




followed by breakfast in the open air on the edge of the raft. 

The food on board was above reproach. The cuisine was 
divided into two experimental menus, one dedicated to the 
quartermaster and the twentieth century, one to Kon-Tiki and the 
fifth century. Torstein and Bengt were the subjects of the first 
experiment and restricted their diet to the slim little packages of 
special provisions which we had squeezed down into the hole 
between the logs and the bamboo deck. Fish and marine food, 
however, had never been their strong suit. Every few weeks we 
untied the lashings which held down the bamboo deck and took 
out fresh supplies, which we lashed fast forward of the bamboo 
cabin. The tough layer of asphalt outside the cardboard proved 
resistant, while the hermetically sealed tins lying loose beside it 
were penetrated and ruined by the sea water which continually 
washed round our provisions. 

Kon-Tiki, on his original voyage across the sea, had no asphalt 
or hermetically sealed tins; nevertheless he had no serious food 
problems. In those days, too, supplies consisted of what the men 
took with them from land and what they obtained for themselves 
on the voyage. We may assume that, when Kon-Tiki sailed from 
the coast of Peru after his defeat by Lake Titicaca, he had one of 
two objectives in mind. As the spiritual representative of the sun 
among a solely sun-worshiping people, it is very probable that he 
ventured straight out to sea to follow the sun itself on its journey in 
the hope of finding a new and more peaceful country. An 
alternative possibility for him was to sail his rafts up the coast of 
South America in order to found a new kingdom out of reach of 
his persecutors. Clear of the dangerous rocky coast and hostile 




tribes along the shore, he would, like ourselves, fall an easy prey 
to the southeast trade wind and the Humboldt Current and, in the 
power of the elements, he would drift in exactly the same large 
semicircle right toward the sunset. 

Whatever these sun-worshipers’ plans were when they fled from 
their homeland, they certainly provided themselves with supplies 
for the voyage. Dried meat and fish and sweet potatoes were the 
most important part of their primitive diet. When the raftsmen of 
that time put to sea along the desert coast of Peru, they had ample 
supplies of water on board. Instead of clay vessels they generally 
used the skin of giant bottle gourds, which was resistant to bumps 
and blows, while even more adapted to raft use were the thick 
canes of giant bamboos. They perforated through all the knots in 
the center and poured water in through a little hole at the end, 
which they stopped with a plug or with pitch or resin. Thirty or 
forty of these thick bamboo canes could be lashed fast along the 
raft under the bamboo deck, where they lay shaded and cool with 
fresh sea water — about 79° Fahrenheit in the Equatorial Current — 
washing about them. A store of this kind would contain twice as 
much water as we ourselves used on our whole voyage, and still 
more could be taken by simply lashing on more bamboo canes in 
the water underneath the raft, where they weighed nothing and 
occupied no space. 

We found that after two months fresh water began to grow stale 
and have a bad taste. But by then one is well through the first 
ocean area, in which there is little rain, and has arrived in regions 
where heavy rain showers can maintain the water supply. We 
served out a good quart of water per man daily, and it was by no 




means always that the ration was consumed. 

Even if our predecessors had started from land with inadequate 
supplies, they would have managed well enough as long as they 
drifted across the sea with the current, in which fish abounded. 
There was not a day on our whole voyage on which fish were not 
swimming round the raft and could not easily be caught. Scarcely a 
day passed without flying fish, at any rate, coming on board of 
their own accord. It even happened that large bonitos, delicious 
eating, swam on board with the masses of water that came from 
astern and lay kicking on the raft when the water had vanished 
down between the logs as a sieve. To starve to death was 
impossible. 

The old natives knew well the device which many shipwrecked 
men hit upon during the war — chewing thirst-quenching moisture 
out of raw fish. One can also press the juices out by twisting pieces 
of fish in a cloth, or, if the fish is large, it is a fairly simple matter 
to cut holes in its side, which soon become filled with ooze from 
the fish’s lymphatic glands. It does not taste good if one has 
anything better to drink, but the percentage of salt is so low that 
one’s thirst is quenched. 

The necessity for drinking water was greatly reduced if we 
bathed regularly and lay down wet in the shady cabin. If a shark 
was patrolling majestically round about us and preventing a real 
plunge from the side of the raft, one had only to lie down on the 
logs aft and get a good grip of the ropes with one’s fingers and 
toes. Then we got several bathfuls of crystal-clear Pacific pouring 
over us every few seconds. 




When tormented by thirst in a hot climate, one generally 
assumes that the body needs water, and this may often lead to 
immoderate inroads on the water ration without any benefit 
whatever. On really hot days in the tropics you can pour tepid 
water down your throat till you taste it at the back of your mouth, 
and you are just as thirsty. It is not liquid the body needs then, but, 
curiously enough, salt. The special rations we had on board 
included salt tablets to be taken regularly on particularly hot days, 
because perspiration drains the body of salt. We experienced days 
like this when the wind had died away and the sun blazed down on 
the raft without mercy. Our water ration could be ladled into us till 
it squelched in our stomachs, but our throats malignantly 
demanded much more. On such days we added from 20 to 40 per 
cent of bitter, salt sea water to our fresh-water ration and found, to 
our surprise, that this brackish water quenched our thirst. We had 
the taste of sea water in our mouths for a long time afterward but 
never felt unwell, and moreover we had our water ration 
considerably increased. 

One morning, as we sat at breakfast, an unexpected sea splashed 
into our gruel and taught us quite gratuitously that the taste of oats 
removed the greater part of the sickening taste of sea water! 

The old Polynesians had preserved some curious traditions, 
according to which their earliest forefathers, when they came 
sailing across the sea, had with them leaves of a certain plant 
which they chewed, with the result that their thirst disappeared. 
Another effect of the plant was that in an emergency they could 
drink sea water without being sick. No such plants grew in the 
South Sea islands; they must, therefore, have originated in their 




ancestors’ homeland. The Polynesian historians repeated these 
statements so often that modern scientists investigated the matter 
and came to the conclusion that the only known plant with such an 
effect was the coca plant, which grew only in Peru. And in 
prehistoric Peru this very coca plant, which contains cocaine, was 
regularly used both by the Incas and by their vanished forerunners, 
as is shown by discoveries in pre-Inca graves. On exhausting 
mountain journeys and sea voyages they took with them piles of 
these leaves and chewed them for days on end to remove the 
feelings of thirst and weariness. And over a fairly short period the 
chewing of coca leaves will even allow one to drink sea water with 
a certain immunity. 

We did not test coca leaves on board the Kon-Tiki, but we had 
on the foredeck large wicker baskets full of other plants, some of 
which had left a deeper imprint on the South Sea islands. The 
baskets stood lashed fast in the lee of the cabin wall, and as time 
passed yellow shoots and green leaves of potatoes and coconuts 
shot up higher and higher from the wickerwork. It was like a little 
tropical garden on board the wooden raft. 

When the first Europeans came to the Pacific islands, they found 
large plantings of sweet potatoes on Easter Island and in Hawaii 
and New Zealand, and the same plant was also cultivated on the 
other islands, but only within the Polynesian area. It was quite 
unknown in the part of the world which lay farther west. The 
sweet potato was one of the most important cultivated plants in 
these remote islands where the people otherwise lived mainly on 
fish, and many of the Polynesians’ legends centered round this 
plant. According to tradition it had been brought by no less a 




personage than Tiki himself, when he came with his wife Pani 
from their ancestors’ original homeland, where the sweet potato 
had been an important article of food. New Zealand legends affirm 
that the sweet potato was brought over the sea in vessels which 
were not canoes but consisted of “wood bound together with 
ropes.” 

Now, as is known, America is the only place in the rest of the 
world where the potato grew before the time of the Europeans. 
And the sweet potato Tiki brought with him to the islands, 
Ipomoea batatas, is exactly the same as that which the Indians 
have cultivated in Peru from the oldest times. Dried sweet potatoes 
were the most important travel provisions both for the seafarers of 
Polynesia and for the natives in old Peru. In the South Sea islands 
the sweet potato will grow only if carefully tended by man, and, as 
it cannot withstand sea water, it is idle to explain its wide 
distribution over these scattered islands by declaring that it could 
have drifted over 4,000 sea miles with ocean currents from Peru. 
This attempt to explain away so important a clue to the 
Polynesians’ origin is particularly futile seeing that philologists 
have pointed out that on all the widely scattered South Sea islands 
the name of the sweet potato is kumara, and kumara is just what 
the sweet potato was called among the old Indians in Peru. The 
name followed the plant across the sea. 

Another very important Polynesian cultivated plant we had with 
us on board the Kon-Tiki was the bottle gourd, Lagenaria 
vulgaris. As important as the fruit itself was the skin, which the 
Polynesians dried over a fire and used to hold water. This typical 
garden plant also, which again cannot propagate itself in a wild 




state by drifting across the sea alone, the old Polynesians had in 
common with the original population of Peru. Bottle gourds, 
converted into water containers, are found in prehistoric desert 
graves on the coast of Peru and were used by the fishing 
population there centuries before the first men came to the islands 
in the Pacific. The Polynesian name for the bottle gourd, kimi, is 
found again among the Indians in Central America, where 
Peruvian civilization has its deepest roots. 

In addition to a few chance tropical fruits, most of which we ate 
up in a few weeks’ time before they spoiled, we had on board a 
third plant which, along with the sweet potato, has played the 
greatest part in the history of the Pacific. We had two hundred 
coconuts, and they gave us exercise for our teeth and refreshing 
drinks. Several of the nuts soon began to sprout, and, when we 
had been just ten weeks at sea, we had half a dozen baby palms a 
foot high, which had already opened their shoots and formed thick 
green leaves. The coconut grew before Columbus’ time both on 
the Isthmus of Panama and in South America. The chronicler 
Oviedo writes that the coconut palm was found in great numbers 
along the coast of Peru when the Spaniards arrived. At that time it 
had long existed on all the islands in the Pacific. 

Botanists have still no certain proof in which direction it spread 
over the Pacific. But one thing has now been discovered. Not even 
the coconut, with its famous shell, can spread over the ocean 
without men’s help. The nuts we had in baskets on deck remained 
eatable and capable of germinating the whole way to Polynesia. 
But we had laid about half among the special provisions below 
deck, with the waves washing around them. Every single one of 




these was mined by the sea water. And no coconut can float over 
the sea faster than a balsa raft moves with the wind behind it. It 
was the eyes of the coconut which sucked in the sea water so that 
the nut spoiled. Refuse collectors, too, all over the ocean took care 
that no edible thing that floated should get across from one world 
to the other. 

Solitary petrels and other sea birds which can sleep on the sea 
we met thousands of sea miles from the nearest land. Sometimes, 
on quiet days far out on the blue sea, we sailed close to a white, 
floating bird’s feather. If, on approaching the little feather, we 
looked at it closely, we saw that there were two or three passengers 
on board it, sailing along at their ease before the wind. When the 
Kon-Tiki was about to pass, the passengers noticed that a vessel 
was coming which was faster and had more space, and so all came 
scuttling sideways at top speed over the surface and up on to the 
raft, leaving the feather to sail on alone. And so the Kon-Tiki soon 
began to swarm with stowaways. They were small pelagic crabs. 
As big as a fingernail, and now and then a good deal larger, they 
were tidbits for the Goliaths on board the raft, if we managed to 
catch them. 

The small crabs were the policemen of the sea’s surface, and 
they were not slow to look after themselves when they saw 
anything eatable. If one day the cook failed to notice a flying fish 
in between the logs, next day it was covered with from eight to ten 
small crabs, sitting on the fish and helping themselves with their 
claws. Most often they were frightened and scurried away to hide 
when we came in view, but aft, in a little hole by the steering 
block, lived a crab which was quite tame and which we named 




Johannes. 



Like the parrot, who was everyone’s amusing pet, the erab 
Johannes became one of our community on deck. If the man at the 
helm, sitting steering on a sunshiny day with his back to the cabin, 
had not Johannes for company, he felt utterly lonely out on the 
wide blue sea. While the other small crabs scurried furtively about 
and pilfered like cockroaches on an ordinary boat, Johannes sat 
broad and round in his doorway with his eyes wide open, waiting 
for the change of watch. Every man who came on watch had a 
scrap of biscuit or a bit of fish for him, and we needed only to 
stoop down over the hole for him to come right out on his 
doorstep and stretch out his hands. He took the scraps out of our 
fingers with his claws and ran back into the hole, where he sat 
down in the doorway and munched like a schoolboy, cramming 
his food into his mouth. 

The crabs clung like flies to the soaked coconuts, which burst 
when they fermented, or caught plankton washed on board by the 
waves. And these, the tiniest organisms in the sea, were good 
eating too even for us Goliaths on the raft, when we learned how 
to catch a number of them at once so that we got a decent 
mouthful. 

It is certain that there must be very nourishing food in these 
almost invisible plankton which drift about with the current on the 
oceans in infinite numbers. Fish and sea birds which do not eat 
plankton themselves live on other fish or sea animals which do, no 
matter how large they themselves may be. Plankton is a general 
name for thousands of species of visible and invisible small 
organisms which drift about near the surface of the sea. Some are 




plants {phyto-^ldivklovi), while others are loose fish ova and tiny 
living creatures (zoo -plankton). Animal plankton live on vegetable 
plankton, and vegetable plankton live on ammonia, nitrates, and 
nitrites which are formed from dead animal plankton. And while 
they reciprocally live on one another, they all form food for 
everything which moves in and over the sea. What they cannot 
offer in size they can offer in numbers. 

In good plankton waters there are thousands in a glassful. More 
than once persons have starved to death at sea because they did not 
find fish large enough to be spitted, netted, or hooked. In such 
cases it has often happened that they have literally been sailing 
about in strongly diluted, raw fish soup. If, in addition to hooks 
and nets, they had had a utensil for straining the soup they were 
sitting in, they would have found a nourishing meal — ^plankton. 
Some day in the future, perhaps, men will think of harvesting 
plankton from the sea to the same extent as now they harvest grain 
on land. A single grain is of no use, either, but in large quantities it 
becomes food. 

The marine biologist Dr. A. D. Bajkov told us of plankton and 
sent us a fishing net which was suited to the creatures we were to 
catch. The “net” was a silk net with almost three thousand meshes 
per square inch. It was sewn in the shape of a funnel with a 
circular mouth behind an iron ring, eighteen inches across, and 
was towed behind the raft. Just as in other kinds of fishing, the 
catch varied with time and place. Catches diminished as the sea 
grew warmer farther west, and we got the best results at night, 
because many species seemed to go deeper down into the water 
when the sun was shining. 




If we had no other way of whiling away time on board the raft, 
there would have been entertainment enough in lying with our 
noses in the plankton net. Not for the sake of the smell, for that 
was bad. Nor because the sight was appetizing, for it looked a 
horrible mess. But because, if we spread the plankton out on a 
board and examined each of the little creatures separately with the 
naked eye, we had before us fantastic shapes and colors in 
unending variety. 

Most of them were tiny shrimplike crustaceans (copepods) or 
fish ova floating loose, but there were also larvae of fish and 
shellfish, curious miniature crabs in all colors, jellyfish, and an 
endless variety of small creatures which might have been taken 
from Walt Disney’s Fantasia. Some looked like fringed, fluttering 
spooks cut out of cellophane paper, while others resembled tiny 
red-beaked birds with hard shells instead of feathers. There was no 
end to Nature’s extravagant inventions in the plankton world; a 
surrealistic artist might well own himself bested here. 

Where the cold Humboldt Current turned west south of the 
Equator, we could pour several pounds of plankton porridge out 
of the bag every few hours. The plankton lay packed together like 
cake in colored layers — ^brown, red, gray, and green according to 
the different fields of plankton through which we had passed. At 
night, when there was phosphorescence about, it was like hauling 
in a bag of sparkling jewels. But, when we got hold of it, the 
pirates’ treasure turned into millions of tiny glittering shrimps and 
phosphorescent fish larvae that glowed in the dark like a heap of 
live coals. When we poured them into a bucket, the squashy mess 
ran out like a magic gruel composed of glowworms. Our night’s 




catch looked as nasty at close quarters as it had been pretty at long 
range. And, bad as it smelled, it tasted correspondingly good if one 
just plucked up courage and put a spoonful of it into one’s mouth. 
If this consisted of many dwarf shrimps, it tasted like shrimp paste, 
lobster, or crab. If it was mostly deep-sea fish ova, it tasted like 
caviar and now and then like oysters. 

The inedible vegetable plankton were either so small that they 
washed away with the water through the meshes of the net, or they 
were so large that we could pick them up with our fingers. “Snags” 
in the dish were single jellylike coelenterates like glass balloons 
and jellyfish about half an inch long. These were bitter and had to 
be thrown away. Otherwise everything could be eaten, either as it 
was or cooked in fresh water as gruel or soup. Tastes differ. Two 
men on board thought plankton tasted delicious, two thought they 
were quite good, and for two the sight of them was more than 
enough. From a nutrition standpoint they stand on a level with the 
larger shellfish, and, spiced and properly prepared, they can 
certainly be a first-class dish for all who like marine food. 

That these small organisms contain calories enough has been 
proved by the blue whale, which is the largest animal in the world 
and yet lives on plankton. Our own method of capture, with the 
little net which was often chewed up by hungry fish, seemed to us 
sadly primitive when we sat on the raft and saw a passing whale 
send up cascades of water as it simply filtered plankton through its 
celluloid beard. And one day we lost the whole net in the sea. 

“Why don’t you plankton- eaters do like him?” Torstein and 
Bengt said contemptuously to the rest of us, pointing to a blowing 
whale. “Just fill your mouths and blow the water out through your 




mustaches!” 

I have seen whales in the distance from boats, and I have seen 
them stuffed in museums, but I have never felt toward the gigantic 
carcass as one usually feels toward proper warm-blooded animals, 
for example a horse or an elephant. Biologically, indeed, I had 
accepted the whale as a genuine mammal, but in its essence it was 
to all intents and purposes a large cold fish. We had a different 
impression when the great whales came rushing toward us, close 
to the side of the raft. 

One day, when we were sitting as usual on the edge of the raft 
having a meal, so close to the water that we had only to lean back 
to wash out our mugs, we started when suddenly something 
behind us blew hard like a swimming horse and a big whale came 
up and stared at us, so close that we saw a shine like a polished 
shoe down through its blowhole. It was so unusual to hear real 
breathing out at sea, where all living creatures wriggle silently 
about without lungs and quiver their gills, that we really had a 
warm family feeling for our old distant cousin the whale, who like 
us had strayed so far out to sea. Instead of the cold, toadlike whale 
shark, which had not even the sense to stick up its nose for a 
breath of fresh air, here we had a visit from something which 
recalled a well-fed jovial hippopotamus in a zoological gardens 
and which actually breathed — that made a most pleasant 
impression on me — ^before it sank into the sea again and 
disappeared. 

We were visited by whales many times. Most often they were 
small porpoises and toothed whales which gamboled about us in 
large schools on the surface of the water, but now and then there 




were big cachalots, too, and other giant whales which appeared 
singly or in small schools. Sometimes they passed like ships on the 
horizon, now and again sending a cascade of water into the air, but 
sometimes they steered straight for us. We were prepared for a 
dangerous collision the first time a big whale altered course and 
came straight toward the raft in a purposeful manner. As it 
gradually grew nearer, we could hear its blowing and puffing, 
heavy and long drawn, each time it rolled its head out of the water. 
It was an enormous, thick-skinned, ungainly land animal that came 
toiling through the water, as unlike a fish as a bat is unlike a bird. 
It came straight toward our port side, where we stood gathered on 
the edge of the raft, while one man sat at the masthead and shouted 
that he could see seven or eight more making their way toward us. 

The big, shining, black forehead of the first whale was not more 
than two yards from us when it sank beneath the surface of the 
water, and then we saw the enormous blue-black bulk glide quietly 
under the raft right beneath our feet. It lay there for a time, dark 
and motionless, and we held our breath as we looked down on the 
gigantic curved back of a mammal a good deal longer than the 
whole raft. Then it sank slowly through the bluish water and 
disappeared from sight. Meanwhile the whole school were close 
upon us, but they paid no attention to us. Whales which have 
abused their giant strength and sunk whaling boats with their tails 
have presumably been attacked first. The whole morning we had 
them puffing and blowing round us in the most unexpected places 
without their even pushing against the raft or the steering oar. They 
quite enjoyed themselves gamboling freely among the waves in the 
sunshine. But about noon the whole school dived as if on a given 




signal and disappeared for good. 

It was not only whales we could see under the raft. If we lifted 
up the reed matting we slept on, through the chinks between the 
logs we saw right down into the crystal-blue water. If we lay thus 
for a while, we saw a breast fin or tail fin waggle past and now and 
again we saw a whole fish. If the chinks had been a few inches 
wider, we could have lain comfortably in bed with a line and 
fished under our mattresses. 

The fish which most of all attached themselves to the raft were 
dolphins and pilot fish. From the moment the first dolphins joined 
us in the current off Callao, there was not a day on the whole 
voyage on which we had not large dolphins wriggling round us. 
What drew them to the raft we do not know, but, either there was a 
magical attraction in being able to swim in the shade with a 
moving roof above them, or there was food to be found in our 
kitchen garden of seaweed and barnacles that hung like garlands 
from all the logs and from the steering oar. It began with a thin 
coating of smooth green, but then the clusters of seaweed grew 
with astonishing speed, so that the Kon-Tiki looked like a bearded 
sea- god as she tumbled along among the waves. Inside the green 
seaweed was a favorite resort of tiny small fry and our stowaways, 
the crabs. 

There was a time when ants began to get the upper hand on 
board. There had been small black ants in some of the logs, and, 
when we had got to sea and the damp began to penetrate into the 
wood, the ants swarmed out and into the sleeping bags. They were 
all over the place, and bit and tormented us till we thought they 
would drive us off the raft. But gradually, as it became wetter out 




at sea, they realized that this was not their right element, and only a 
few isolated specimens held out till we reached the other side. 
What did best on the raft, along with the crabs, were barnacles 
from an inch to an inch and a half long. They grew in hundreds, 
especially on the lee side of the raft, and as fast as we put the old 
ones into the soup kettle new larvae took root and grew up. The 
barnacles tasted fresh and delicate; we picked the seaweed as salad 
and it was eatable, though not so good. We never actually saw the 
dolphins feeding in the vegetable garden, but they were constantly 
turning their gleaming bellies upward and swimming under the 
logs. 

The dolphin (dorado), which is a brilliantly colored tropical 
fish, must not be confused with the creature, also called dolphin, 
which is a small, toothed whale. The dolphin was ordinarily from 
three feet three inches to four feet six inches long and had much 
flattened sides with an enormously high head and neck. We jerked 
on board one which was four feet eight inches long with a head 
thirteen and one-half inches high. The dolphin had a magnificent 
color. In the water it shone blue and green like a bluebottle with a 
glitter of golden-yellow fins. But if we hauled one on board, we 
sometimes saw a strange sight. As the fish died, it gradually 
changed color and became silver gray with black spots and, finally, 
a quite uniform silvery white. This lasted for four or five minutes, 
and then the old colors slowly reappeared. Even in the water the 
dolphin could occasionally change color like a chameleon, and 
often we saw a “new kind” of shining copper-colored fish, which 
on a closer acquaintance proved to be our old companion the 
dolphin. 




The high forehead gave the dolphin the appearance of a bulldog 
flattened from the side, and it always cut through the surface of the 
water when the predatory fish shot off like a torpedo after a fleeing 
shoal of flying fish. When the dolphin was in a good humor, it 
turned over on its flat side, went ahead at a great speed, and then 
sprang high into the air and tumbled down like a flat pancake. It 
came down on the surface with a regular smack and a column of 
water rose up. It was no sooner down in the water than it came up 
in another leap, and yet another, away over the swell. But, when it 
was in a bad temper — for example, when we hauled it up on to 
the raft — then it bit. Torstein limped about for some time with a 
rag round his big toe because he had let it stray into the mouth of a 
dolphin, which had used the opportunity to close its jaws and 
chew a little harder than usual. After our return home we heard 
that dolphins attack and eat people when bathing. This was not 
very complimentary to us, seeing that we had bathed among them 
every day without their showing any particular interest. But they 
were formidable beasts of prey, for we found both squids and 
whole flying fish in their stomachs. 

Flying fish were the dolphins’ favorite food. If anything 
splashed on the surface of the water, they rushed at it blindly in the 
hope of its being a flying fish. In many a drowsy morning hour, 
when we crept blinking out of the cabin and, half asleep, dipped a 
toothbrush into the sea, we became wide-awake with a jump when 
a thirty-pound fish shot out like lightning from under the raft and 
nosed at the toothbrush in disappointment. And, when we were 
sitting quietly at breakfast on the edge of the raft, a dolphin might 
jump up and make one of its most vigorous sideway splashes, so 




that the sea water ran down our backs and into our food. 



One day, when we were sitting at dinner, Torstein made a reality 
of the tallest of fish stories. He suddenly laid down his fork and 
put his hand into the sea, and, before we knew what was 
happening, the water was boiling and a big dolphin came tumbling 
in among us. Torstein had caught hold of the tail end of a fishing 
line which came quietly gliding past, and on the other end hung a 
completely astonished dolphin which had broken Erik’s line when 
he was fishing a few days before. 

There was not a day on which we had not six or seven dolphins 
following us in circles round and under the raft. On bad days there 
might be only two or three, but, on the other hand, as many as 
thirty or forty might turn up the day after. As a rule it was enough 
to warn the cook twenty minutes in advance if we wanted fresh 
fish for dinner. Then he tied a line to a short bamboo stick and put 
half a flying fish on the hook. A dolphin was there in a flash, 
plowing the surface with its head as it chased the hook, with two 
or three more in its wake. It was a splendid fish to play and, when 
freshly caught, its flesh was firm and delicious to eat, like a 
mixture of cod and salmon. It kept for two days, and that was all 
we needed, for there were fish enough in the sea. 

We became acquainted with pilot fish in another way. Sharks 
brought them and left them to be adopted by us after the sharks’ 
death. We had not been long at sea before the first shark visited us. 
And sharks soon became an almost daily occurrence. Sometimes 
the shark just came swimming up to inspect the raft and went on in 
search of prey after circling round us once or twice. But most often 
the sharks took up a position in our wake just behind the steering 




oar, and there they lay without a sound, stealing from starboard to 
port and occasionally giving a leisurely wag of their tails to keep 
pace with the raft’s placid advance. The blue-gray body of the 
shark always looked brownish in the sunlight just below the 
surface, and it moved up and down with the seas so that the dorsal 
fin always stuck up menacingly If there was a high sea, the shark 
might be lifted up by the waves high above our own level, and we 
had a direct side view of the shark as in a glass case as it swam 
toward us in a dignified manner with its fussy retinue of small 
pilot fish ahead of its jaws. For a few seconds it looked as if both 
the shark and its striped companions would swim right on board, 
but then the raft would lean over gracefully to leeward, rise over 
the ridge of waves, and descend on the other side. 

To begin with, we had a great respect for sharks on account of 
their reputation and their alarming appearance. There was an 
unbridled strength in the streamlined body, consisting of one great 
bundle of steel muscles, and a heartless greed in the broad flat 
head with the small, green cat’s eyes and the enormous jaws which 
could swallow footballs. When the man at the helm shouted 
“Shark alongside to starboard” or “Shark alongside to port,” we 
used to come out in search of hand harpoons and gaffs and station 
ourselves along the edge of the raft. The shark usually glided 
round us with the dorsal fin close up to the logs. And our respect 
for the shark increased when we saw that the gaffs bent like 
spaghetti when we struck them against the sandpaper armor on the 
shark’s back, while the spearheads of the hand harpoons were 
broken in the heat of the battle. All we gained by getting through 
the shark’s skin and into the gristle or muscle was a hectic struggle. 




in which the water boiled round us till the shark broke loose and 
was off, while a little oil floated up and spread itself out over the 
surface. 

To save our last harpoon head we fastened together a bunch of 
our largest fishhooks and hid them inside the carcass of a whole 
dolphin. We slung the bait overboard with a precautionary 
multiplication of steel lines fastened to a piece of our own life line. 
Slowly and surely the shark came, and, as it lifted its snout above 
the water, it opened its great crescent-shaped jaws with a jerk and 
let the whole dolphin slip in and down. And there it stuck. There 
was a struggle in which the shark lashed the water into foam, but 
we had a good grip on the rope and hauled the big fellow, despite 
its resistance, as far as the logs aft, where it lay awaiting what 
might come and only gaped as though to intimidate us with its 
parallel rows of sawlike teeth. Here we profited by a sea to slide 
the shark up over the low end logs, slippery with seaweed and, 
after casting a rope round the tail fin, we ran well out of the way 
till the war dance was over. 

In the gristle of the first shark we caught this way we found our 
own harpoon head, and we thought at first that this was the reason 
for the shark’s comparatively small fighting spirit. But later we 
caught shark after shark by the same method, and every time it 
went just as easily. Even if the shark could jerk and tug and 
certainly was fearfully heavy to play, it became quite spiritless and 
tame and never made full use of its giant strength if we only 
managed to hold the line tight without letting the shark gain an 
inch in the tug of war. The sharks we got on board were usually 
from six to ten feet long, and there were blue sharks as well as 




brown sharks. The last-named had a skin outside the mass of 
muscles through which we could not drive a sharp knife unless we 
struck with our whole strength, and often not even then. The skin 
of the belly was as impenetrable as that of the back; the five gill 
clefts behind the head on each side were the only vulnerable point. 

When we hauled in a shark, black slippery remora fish were 
usually fixed tight to its body. By means of an oval sucking disc on 
the top of the flat head, they were fastened so tight that we could 
not get them loose by pulling their tails. But they themselves could 
break loose and skip away to take hold at another place in a 
second. If they grew tired of hanging tightly to the shark when 
their host gave no sign of returning to the sea, they leaped off and 
vanished down between the chinks in the raft to swim away and 
find themselves another shark. If the remora does not find a shark, 
it attaches itself to the skin of another fish for the time being. It is 
generally as long as the length of a finger up to a foot. We tried the 
natives’ old trick which they sometimes use when they have been 
lucky enough to secure a live remora. They tie a line to its tail and 
let it swim away. It then tries to suck itself on to the first fish it sees 
and clings so tightly that a lucky fisherman may haul in both fishes 
by the remora’s tail. We had no luck. Every single time we let a 
remora go with a line tied to its tail, it simply shot off and sucked 
itself fast to one of the logs of the raft, in the belief that it had 
found an extrafine big shark. And there it hung, however hard we 
tugged on the line. We gradually acquired a number of these small 
remoras which hung on and dangled obstinately among the shells 
on the side of the raft, traveling with us right across the Pacific. 

But the remora was stupid and ugly and never became such an 




agreeable pet as its lively companion the pilot fish. The pilot fish is 
a small cigar-shaped fish with zebra stripes, which swims rapidly 
in a shoal ahead of the shark’s snout. It received its name because 
it was thought that it piloted its half-blind friend the shark about in 
the sea. In. reality, it simply goes along with the shark, and, if it 
acts independently, it is only because it catches sight of food within 
its own range of vision. The pilot fish accompanied its lord and 
master to the last second. But, as it could not cling fast to the 
giant’s skin, as the remora does, it was completely bewildered 
when its old master suddenly disappeared up into the air and did 
not come down again. Then the pilot fish scurried about in a 
distracted manner, searching wildly, but always came back and 
wriggled along astern of the raft, where the shark had vanished 
skyward. But as time passed and the shark did not come down 
again, they had to look round for a new lord and master. And none 
was nearer to hand than the Kon-Tiki herself. 

If we let ourselves down over the side of the raft, with our 
heads down in the brilliantly clear water, we saw the raft as the 
belly of a sea monster, with the steering oar as its tail and the 
centerboards hanging down like blunt fins. In between them all the 
adopted pilot fish swam, side by side, and took no notice of the 
bubbling human head except that one or two of them darted 
swiftly aside and peered right up its nose, only to wriggle back 
again unperturbed and take their places in the ranks of eager 
swimmers. 

Our pilot fish patrolled in two detachments; most of them swam 
between the centerboards, the others in a graceful fan formation 
ahead of the bow. Now and then they shot away from the raft to 




snap up some edible trifle we passed, and after meals, when we 
washed our crockery in the water alongside, it was as if we had 
emptied a whole cigar case of striped pilot fish among the scraps. 
There was not a single scrap they did not examine, and, so long as 
it was not vegetable food, down it went. These queer little fish 
huddled under our protecting wings with such childlike confidence 
that we, like the shark, had a fatherly protective feeling toward 
them. They became the Kon-Tiki’s marine pets, and it was taboo 
on board to lay hands on a pilot fish. 

We had in our retinue pilot fish which were certainly in their 
childhood, for they were hardly an inch long, while most were 
about six inches. When the whale shark rushed off at lightning 
speed after Erik’s harpoon had entered its skull, some of its old 
pilot fish strayed over to the victor; they were two feet long. After 
a succession of victories the Kon-Tiki soon had a following of 
forty or fifty pilot fish, and many of them liked our quiet forward 
movement, and our daily scraps, so much that they followed us for 
thousands of miles over the sea. 

But occasionally some were faithless. One day, when I was at 
the steering oar, I suddenly noticed that the sea was boiling to 
southward and saw an immense shoal of dolphins come shooting 
across the sea like silver torpedoes. They did not come as usual, 
splashing along comfortably on their flat sides, but came rushing at 
frantic speed more through the air than through the water. The 
blue swell was whipped into white foam in one single turmoil of 
splashing fugitives, and behind them came a black back dashing 
along on a zigzag course like a speedboat. The desperate dolphins 
came shooting through and over the surface right up to the raft; 




here they dived, while about a hundred crowded together in a 
tightly packed shoal and swung away to eastward, so that the 
whole sea astern was a glittering mass of colors. The gleaming 
back behind them half rose above the surface, dived in a graceful 
curve under the raft, and shot astern after the shoal of dolphins. It 
was a devilish-big fellow of a blue shark that seemed to be nearly 
twenty feet long. When it disappeared, a number of our pilot fish 
had gone too. They had found a more exciting sea hero to go 
campaigning with. 

The marine creature against which the experts had begged us to 
be most on our guard was the octopus, for it could get on board 
the raft. The National Geographic Society in Washington had 
shown us reports and dramatic magnesium photographs from an 
area in the Humboldt Current where monstrous octopuses had 
their favorite resort and came up on to the surface at night. They 
were so voracious that, if one of them fastened on to a piece of 
meat and remained on the hook, another came and began to eat its 
captured kinsman. They had arms which could make an end of a 
big shark and set ugly marks on great whales, and a devilish beak 
like an eagle’s hidden among their tentacles. We were reminded 
that they lay floating in the darkness with phosphorescent eyes and 
that their arms were long enough to feel about in every small 
corner of the raft, if they did not care to come right on board. We 
did not at all like the prospect of feeling cold arms round our 
necks, dragging us out of our sleeping bags at night, and we 
provided ourselves with saber-like machete knives, one for each of 
us, in case we should wake to the embrace of fumbling tentacles. 
There was nothing which seemed more disagreeable to us when 




we started, especially as the marine experts in Peru got on to the 
same subject and showed us on the chart where the worst area was 
— aright in the Humboldt Current itself. 

For a long time we saw no sign of a squid, either on board or in 
the sea. But then one morning we had the first warning that they 
must be in those waters. When the sun rose, we found the progeny 
of an octopus on board, in the form of a little baby the size of a 
cat. It had come up on deck unaided in the course of the night and 
now lay dead with its arms twined round the bamboo outside the 
cabin door. A thick, black, inky liquid was smeared over the 
bamboo deck and lay in a pool round the squid. We wrote a page 
or two in the logbook with cuttlefish ink, which was like India ink, 
and then flung the baby overboard for the pleasure of the 
dolphins. 

We saw in this minor incident the harbinger of larger night 
visitors. If the baby could clamber on board, its hungry progenitor 
could no doubt do the same. Our forefathers must have felt the 
same as we did when they sat in their Viking ships and thought of 
the Old Man of the Sea. But the next incident completely 
bewildered us. One morning we found a single smaller young 
squid on the top of the roof of pahn leaves. This puzzled us very 
much. It could not have climbed up there, as the only ink marks 
were smeared in a ring round it in the middle of the roof. Nor had 
it been dropped by a sea bird, for it was completely intact with no 
beak marks. We came to the conclusion that it had been flung up 
on to the roof by a sea which had come on board, but none of 
those on night watch could remember any such sea that night. As 
the nights passed, we regularly found more young squids on 




board, the smallest of them the size of one’s middle finger. 

It was soon usual to find a small squid or two among the flying 
fish about the deck in the morning, even if the sea had been cahn 
in the night. And they were young ones of the real devilish kind, 
with eight long arms covered with sucking discs and two still 
longer with thornlike hooks at the end. But large squids never gave 
a sign of coming on board. We saw the shine of phosphorescent 
eyes drifting on the surface on dark nights, and on one single 
occasion we saw the sea boil and bubble while something like a 
big wheel came up and rotated in the air, while some of our 
dolphins tried to escape by hurling themselves desperately through 
space. But why the big ones never came on board, when the small 
ones were constant night visitors, was a riddle to which we found 
no answer until two months later — two months rich in experience 
— after we were out of the ill-famed octopus area. 

Young squids continued to come aboard. One sunny morning 
we all saw a glittering shoal of something which shot up out of the 
water and flew through the air like large raindrops, while the sea 
boiled with pursuing dolphins. At first we took it for a shoal of 
flying fish, for we had already had three different kinds of these 
on board. But, when they came near and some of them sailed over 
the raft at a height of four or five feet, one ran straight into Bengt’s 
chest and fell slap on the deck. It was a small squid. Our 
astonishment was great. When we put it into a sailcloth bucket it 
kept on taking off and shooting up to the surface, but it did not 
develop speed enough in the small bucket to get more than half out 
of the water. 

It is a known fact that the squid ordinarily swims on the 




principle of the rocket-propelled airplane. It pumps sea water with 
great force through a closed tube alongside its body and can thus 
shoot backward in jerks at a high speed; with all its tentacles 
hanging behind it in a cluster over its head it becomes streamlined 
like a fish. It has on its sides two round, fleshy folds of skin which 
are ordinarily used for steering and quiet swimming in the water. 
But our experience showed that defenseless young squids, which 
are a favorite food of many large fish, can escape their pursuers by 
taking to the air in the same way as flying fish. They had made the 
principle of the rocket aircraft a reality long before human genius 
hit upon the idea. They pump sea water through themselves till 
they get up a terrific speed, and then they steer up at an angle from 
the surface by unfolding the pieces of skin like wings. Like the 
flying fish, they make a glider flight over the waves for as far as 
their speed can carry them. After that, when we had to begin to pay 
attention, we often saw them sailing along for fifty to sixty yards, 
singly and in two’s and three’s. The fact that cuttlefish can “glide” 
has been a novelty to all the zoologists we have met. 

As the guest of natives in the Pacific I have often eaten squid; it 
tastes like a mixture of lobster and India rubber. But on board the 
Kon-Tiki squid came last on the menu. If we got them on deck 
gratis, we just exchanged them for something else. We made the 
exchange by throwing out a hook, with the squid on it, and pulling 
it in again with a big fish kicking at the end of it. Even tunny and 
bonito liked young squids, and they were food which came at the 
head of our menu. 

But we did not run up against acquaintances only, as we lay 
drifting over the sea’s surface. The diary contains many entries of 




this type: 

— 11/5. Today a huge marine animal twice came up to the 
surface alongside us as we sat at supper on the edge of the raft. It 
made a fearful splashing and disappeared. We have no idea what 
it was. 

— 6/6.Herman saw a thick dark-colored fish with a broad white 
body, thin tail, and spikes. It jumped clear of the sea on the 
starboard side several times. 

— 16/6. Curious fish sighted on port bow. Six feet long, 
maximum breadth one foot; long, brown, thin snout, large dorsal 
fin near head and a smaller one in the middle of the back, heavy 
sickle-shaped tail fin. Kept near surface and swam at times by 
wriggling its body like an eel. It dived when Herman and I went 
out in the rubber dinghy with a hand harpoon. Came up later but 
dived again and disappeared. 

— Next day: Erik was sitting at the masthead, 12 noon, when he 
saw thirty or forty long, thin, brown fish of the same kind as 
yesterday. Now they came at a high speed from the port side and 
disappeared astern like a big, brown, fiat shadow in the sea. 

— 18/6. Knut observed a snakelike creature, two to three feet 
long and thin, which stood straight up and down in the water 
below the surface and dived by wriggling downward like a snake. 

On several occasions we glided past a large dark mass, the size 
of the floor of a room, that lay motionless under the surface of the 
water like a hidden reef. It was presumably the giant ray of evil 
repute but it never moved, and we never went close enough to 




make out its shape clearly. 

With such company in the water time never passed slowly It 
was even more entertaining when we had to dive down into the 
sea ourselves and inspect the ropes on the underside of the raft. 
One day one of the centerboards broke loose and slipped down 
under the raft, where it was caught up in the ropes without our 
being able to get hold of it. Herman and Knut were the best divers. 
Twice Herman swam under the raft and lay there among dolphins 
and pilot fish, tugging and pulling at the board. He had just come 
up for the second time, and was sitting on the edge of the raft to 
recover his breath, when an eight-foot shark was detected not 
more than ten feet from his legs, moving steadily up from the 
depths toward the tips of his toes. Perhaps we did the shark an 
injustice, but we suspected it of evil intentions and rammed a 
harpoon into its skull. The shark felt aggrieved and a splashy 
struggle took place, as a consequence of which the shark 
disappeared leaving a sheet of oil on the surface, while the 
centerboard remained unsalved, lying caught up under the raft. 

Then Erik had the idea of making a diving basket. We had not 
many raw materials to which we could have recourse, but we had 
bamboos and ropes and an old chip basket which had contained 
coconuts. We lengthened the basket upward with bamboos and 
plaited ropework, and then let one another down in the basket 
alongside the raft. Our enticing legs were then concealed in the 
basket, and, even if the plaited ropework above had only a 
psychological effect on both us and the fish, in any case we could 
duck down into the basket in a flash if anything with hostile 
intentions made a dash at us, and have ourselves pulled up out of 




the water by the others on deck. 

This diving basket was not merely useful but gradually became a 
perfect place of entertainment for us on board. It gave us a first- 
class opportunity to study the floating aquarium we had under the 
raft floor. 

When the sea was content to run in a calm swell, we crawled 
into the basket one by one and were let down under water for as 
long as our breath lasted. There was a curiously transfigured, 
shadowless flow of light down in the water. As soon as we had 
our eyes under the surface, light no longer seemed to have a 
particular direction, as up in our own above-water world. 
Refraction of light came as much from below as from above; the 
sun no longer shone — it was present everywhere. If we looked up 
at the bottom of the raft, it was brightly illuminated all over, with 
the nine big logs and the whole network of rope lashings bathed in 
a magic light and with a flickering wreath of spring- green seaweed 
all round the sides and along the whole length of the steering oar. 
The pilot fish swam formally in their ranks like zebras in fishes’ 
skins, while big dolphins circled round with restless, vigilant, jerky 
movements, eager for prey. Here and there the light fell on the 
sappy red wood of a centerboard which stuck downward out of a 
chink, and on them sat peaceful colonies of white barnacles 
rhythmically beckoning for oxygen and food with their fringed 
yellow gills. If anyone came too near them, they hastily closed 
their red- and yellow-edged shells and shut the door till they felt 
the danger was over. 

The light down here was wonderfully clear and soothing for us 
who were accustomed to the tropical sun on deck. Even when we 




looked down into the bottomless depths of the sea, where it is 
eternal black night, the night appeared to us a brilliant light blue on 
account of the refracted rays of the sun. To our astonishment, we 
saw fish far down in the depths of the clear, clean blue when we 
ourselves were only just below the surface. They might have been 
bonitos, and there were other kinds which swam at such a depth 
that we could not recognize them. Sometimes they were in 
immense shoals, and we often wondered whether the whole ocean 
current was full of fish, or whether those down in the depths had 
intentionally assembled under the Kon-Tiki to keep us company for 
a few days. 

What we liked best was a dip under the surface when the great 
gold-finned tunnies were paying us a visit. Occasionally they came 
to the raft in big shoals, but most often just two or three came 
together and swam round us in quiet circles for several days on 
end, unless we were able to lure them on to the hook. From the 
raft they looked simply like big, heavy, brown fish without any 
distinctive adornment, but if we crept down to them in their own 
element they spontaneously changed both color and shape. The 
change was so bewildering that several times we had to come up 
and take our bearings afresh to see if it was the same fish we had 
been looking at across the water. The big fellows paid no attention 
to us whatever — they continued their majestic maneuvers 
unperturbed — ^but now they had acquired a marvelous elegance of 
form, the equal of which we never saw in any other fish, and their 
color had become metallic with a suffusion of pale violet. 
Powerful torpedoes of shining silver and steel, with perfect 
proportions and streamlined shape, they had only to move one or 




two fins slightly to set their 150 to 200 pounds gliding about in the 
water with the most consummate grace. 

The closer we came into contact with the sea and what had its 
home there, the less strange it became and the more at home we 
ourselves felt. And we learned to respect the old primitive peoples 
who lived in close converse with the Pacific and therefore knew it 
from a quite different standpoint from our own. True, we have 
now estimated its salt content and given tunnies and dolphins Latin 
names. They had not done that. But, nevertheless, I am afraid that 
the picture the primitive peoples had of the sea was a truer one 
than ours. 

There were not many fixed marks out here at sea. Waves and 
fish, sun and stars, came and went. There was not supposed to be 
land of any sort in the 4,300 sea miles that separated the South Sea 
islands from Peru. We were therefore greatly surprised when we 
approached 100° west and discovered that a reef was marked on 
the Pacific chart right ahead of us on the course we were 
following. It was marked as a small circle, and, as the chart had 
been issued the same year, we looked up the reference in Sailing 
Directions for South America. We read that “breakers were 
reported in 1906 and again in 1926 to exist about 600 miles 

o 

southwestward of Galapagos Islands, in latitude 6 42' S., 

longitude 99° 43' W. In 1927 a steamer passed one mile westward 
of this position but saw no indication of breakers, and in 1934 
another passed one mile southward and saw no evidence of 
breakers. The motor vessel ‘Cowrie,’ in 1935, obtained no bottom 
at 160 fathoms in this position.” 




According to the chart the place was clearly still regarded as a 
doubtful one for shipping, but, as a deep -draught vessel runs a 
greater risk by going too near a shoal than we should with a raft, 
we deeided to steer straight for the point marked on the ehart and 
see what we found. The reef was marked a little farther north than 
the point we seemed to be making for, so we laid the steering oar 
over to starboard and trimmed the square sail so that the bow 
pointed roughly north and we took sea and wind from the 
starboard side. Now it came about that a little more Paeifie 
splashed into our sleeping bags than we were aeeustomed to, 
especially as at the same time the weather began to freshen 
eonsiderably. But we saw to our satisfaction that the Kon-Tiki 
eould be maneuvered surely and steadily at a surprisingly wide 
angle into the wind, so long as the wind was still on our quarter. 
Otherwise the sail swung round, and we had the same mad cireus 
business to get the raft under control again. 

For two days and nights we drove the raft north-northwest. The 
seas ran high and became inealeulable as the trade wind began to 
fluctuate between southeast and east, but we were lifted up and 
down over all the waves that rushed against us. We had a constant 
lookout at the masthead, and when we rode over the ridges the 
horizon widened eonsiderably. The crests of the seas reached six 
feet above the level of the roof of the bamboo cabin, and, if two 
vigorous seas rushed together, they rose still higher in combat and 
flung up a hissing watery tower whieh might burst down in 
unexpected directions. When night came, we barrieaded the 
doorway with provision boxes, but it was a wet night’s rest. We 
had hardly fallen asleep when the first erash on the bamboo wall 




came, and, while a thousand jets of water sprayed in like a 
fountain through the bamboo wickerwork, a foaming torrent 
rushed in over the provisions and on to us. 




Hold on, Haugland! If the intervals between the waves were too 
short, water often came on board from astern, and the helmsman 
had a hard job to prevent himself from being washed overboard. 




When we were halfway across, we were about 2,000 sea miles from 
land both ahead and astern. We felt we were living in a strange 
world — “east of the sun and west of the moon. ” 

Provisions were stored between the logs and the bamboo deck. 
Our Peruvian parrot always came fluttering along when we 
opened a box of food. 




The whale shark which paid us a visit. It is the world s biggest fish 
and can be as much as 60 feet long. Its body is covered with white 
spots, and its jaws are nearly 5 feet wide. 

The dorsal fin projected menacingly from the water when the 
monster approached the raft. 




Whales often visited us, and the raft seemed pretty small 
alongside them. Sometimes they followed us for hours before they 
disappeared. 

The raft would certainly have come off badly in a collision with a 
whale. But however deliberately the whales seemed to come 
rushing straight toward the raft, they always dived under it at the 
last moment. 





“Ring up the plumber,” I heard a sleepy voice remark, as we 
hunched ourselves up to give the water room to run out through 
the floor. The plumber did not come, and we had a lot of 
bathwater in our beds that night. A big dolphin actually came on 
board unintentionally in Herman’s watch. 

Next day the seas were less confused, as the trade wind had 
decided that it would now blow for a time from due east. We 
relieved one another at the masthead, for now we might expect to 
reach the point we were making for late in the afternoon. We 
noticed more life than usual in the sea that day. Perhaps it was only 
because we kept a better lookout than usual. 




During the forenoon we saw a big swordfish approaching the 
raft close to the surface. The two sharp pointed fins which stuck 
up out of the water were six feet apart, and the sword looked 
almost as long as the body. The swordfish swept in a curve close 
by the man at the helm and disappeared behind the wave crests. 
When we were having a rather wet and salty midday meal, the 
carapace, head, and sprawling fins of a large sea turtle were lifted 
up by a hissing sea right in front of our noses. When that wave 
gave place to two others, the turtle was gone as suddenly as it had 
appeared. This time too we saw the gleaming whitish-green of 
dolphins’ bellies tumbling about in the water below the armored 
reptile. The area was unusually rich in tiny flying fish an inch long, 
which sailed along in big shoals and often came on board. We also 
noted single skuas and were regularly visited by frigate birds, with 
forked tails like giant swallows, which cruised over the raft. 
Frigate birds are usually regarded as a sign that land is near, and 
the optimism on board increased. 

“Perhaps there is a reef or a sandbank there all the same,” some 
of us thought. And the most optimistic said: “Suppose we find a 
little green grassy island — one can never know since so few people 
have been here before. Then we’ll have discovered a new land — 
Kon — Tiki Island!” 

From noon onward Erik was more and more diligent in 
climbing up on the kitchen box and standing blinking through the 
sextant. At 6:20 P.M. he reported our position as latitude 6 ° 42' 
south by longitude 99° 42' west. We were I sea mile due east of the 
reef on the chart. The bamboo yard was lowered and the sail rolled 
up on deck. The wind was due east and would take us slowly right 




to the place. When the sun went down swiftly into the sea, the full 
moon in turn shone out in all its brilliance and lit up the surface of 
the sea, which undulated in black and silver from horizon to 
horizon. Visibility from the masthead was good. We saw breaking 
seas everywhere in long rows, but no regular surf which would 
indicate a reef or shoal. No one would turn in; all stood looking 
out eagerly, and two or three men were aloft at once. 

As we drifted in over the center of the marked area, we sounded 
all the time. All the lead sinkers we had on board were fastened to 
the end of a fifty- four- thread silk rope more than 500 fathoms 
long, and, even if the rope hung rather aslant on account of the 
raft’s leeway, at any rate the lead hung at a depth of some 400 
fathoms. There was no bottom east of the place, or in the middle 
of it, or west of it. We took one last look over the surface of the 
sea, and, when we had assured ourselves that we could safely call 
the area surveyed and free from shallows of any kind, we set sail 
and laid the oar over in its usual place, so that wind and sea were 
again on our port quarter. 

And so we went on with the raft on her natural free course. The 
waves came and went as before between the open logs aft. We 
could now sleep and eat dry, even if the heaving seas round us 
took charge in earnest and raged for several days while the trade 
wind vacillated from east to southeast. 

On this little sailing trip up to the spurious reef we had learned 
quite a lot about the effectiveness of the centerboards as a keel, 
and when, later in the voyage, Herman and Knut dived under the 
raft together and salved the fifth centerboard, we learned still more 
about these curious pieces of board, something which no one has 




understood since the Indians themselves gave up this forgotten 
sport. That the board did the work of a keel and allowed the raft to 
move at an angle to the wind — that was plain sailing. But when the 
old Spaniards declared that the Indians to a large extent “steered” 
their balsa rafts on the sea with “certain centerboards which they 
pushed down into the chinks between the timbers,” this sounded 
incomprehensible both to us and to all who had concerned 
themselves with the problem. As the centerboard was simply held 
tight in a narrow chink, it could not be turned sideways and serve 
as a helm. 

We discovered the secret in the following manner: The wind 
was steady and the sea had gone down again, so that the Kon-Tiki 
had kept a steady course for a couple of days without our touching 
the lashed steering oar. We pushed the recovered centerboard 
down into a chink aft, and in a moment the Kon-Tiki altered course 
several degrees from west toward northwest and proceeded 
steadily and quietly on her new course. If we pulled this 
centerboard up again, the raft swung back on to her previous 
course. But if we pulled it only halfway up, the raft swung only 
halfway back on her old course. By simply raising and lowering 
the centerboards we could effect changes of course and keep to 
them without touching the steering oar. 

This was the Incas’ ingenious system. They had worked out a 
simple system of balances by which pressure of the wind on the 
sail made the mast the fixed point. The two arms were respectively 
the raft forward of and the raft aft of the mast. If the aggregate 
centerboard surface aft was heavier, the bow swung freely round 
with the wind; but if the centerboard surface forward was heavier. 




the stern swung round with the wind. The centerboards which are 
nearest the mast have, of course, the least effect on account of the 
relation between arm and power. If the wind was due astern, the 
centerboards ceased to be effective, and then it was impossible to 
keep the raft steady without continually working the steering oar. 
If the raft lay thus at full length, she was a little too long to ride the 
seas freely. As the cabin door and the place where we had meals 
were on the starboard side, we always took the seas on board on 
our port quarter. 

We could certainly have continued our voyage by making the 
steersman stand and pull a centerboard up and down in a chink 
instead of hauling sidewise on the ropes of the steering oar, but we 
had now grown so accustomed to the steering oar that we just set a 
general course with the centerboards and preferred to steer with 
the oar. 

The next great stage on our voyage was as invisible to the eye as 
the shoal which existed only on the map. It was the forty-fifth day 
at sea; we had advanced from the 78th degree of longitude to the 
108th and were exactly halfway to the first islands ahead. There 
were over 2,000 sea miles between us and South America to the 
east, and it was the same distance on to Polynesia in the west. The 
nearest land in any direction was the Galapagos Islands to east- 
northeast and Easter Island due south, both more than 500 sea 
miles away on the boundless ocean. We had not seen a ship, and 
we never did see one, because we were off the routes of all 
ordinary shipping traffic in the Pacific. 

But we did not really feel these enormous distances, for the 
horizon glided along with us unnoticed as we moved and our own 




floating world remained always the same — a circle flung up to the 
vault of the sky with the raft itself as center, while the same stars 
rolled on over us night after night. 




6 



A CR OSS THE PA CIFIC 

A Queer Craft — Out in the Dinghy — 
Unhindered Progress — Absence of Sea Signs — 
At Sea in a Bamboo Hut — 

On the Longitude of Easter Island - 
The Mystery of Easter Island — 

The Stone Giants — Red-Stone Wigs — 

The 'Eong-Ears ” — Tiki Builds a Bridge — 
Suggestive Place Names — 

Catching Sharks with Our Hands — 

The Parrot — 

LI 2 B Calling-Sailing by the Stars — 

Three Seas — A Storm — 

Blood Bath in the Sea, Blood Bath on Board — 
Man Overboard - Another Storm — 

The Kon-Tiki Becomes Rickety — 

Messengers from Polynesia 



Across the Pacific 




WHEN THE SEA WAS NOT TOO ROUGH, WE WERE OFTEN 
out in the little rubber dinghy taking photographs. I shall not forget 
the first time the sea was so calm that two men felt like putting the 
balloon-like little thing into the water and going for a row. They 
had hardly got clear of the raft when they dropped the little oars 
and sat roaring with laughter. And, as the swell lifted them away 
and they disappeared and reappeared among the seas, they laughed 
so loud every time they caught a glimpse of us that their voices 
rang out over the desolate Pacific. We looked around us with 
mixed feelings and saw nothing comic but our own hirsute faces; 
but as the two in the dinghy should be accustomed to those by 
now, we began to have a lurking suspicion that they had suddenly 
gone mad. Sunstroke, perhaps. The two fellows could hardly 
scramble back on board the Kon-Tiki for sheer laughter and, 
gasping, with tears in their eyes they begged us just to go and see 
for ourselves. 

Two of us jumped down into the dancing rubber dinghy and 
were caught by a sea which lifted us clear. Immediately we sat 
down with a bump and roared with laughter. We had to scramble 
back on the raft as quickly as possible and calm the last two who 
had not been out yet, for they thought we had all gone stark staring 
mad. 

It was ourselves and our proud vessel which made such a 
completely hopeless, lunatic impression on us the first time we saw 
the whole thing at a distance. We had never before had an outside 




view of ourselves in the open sea. The logs of timber disappeared 
behind the smallest waves, and, when we saw anything at all, it 
was the low cabin with the wide doorway and the bristly roof of 
leaves that bobbed up from among the seas. The raft looked 
exactly like an old Norwegian hayloft lying helpless, drifting about 
in the open sea — a warped hayloft full of sunburned bearded 
ruffians. If anyone had come paddling after us at sea in a bathtub, 
we should have felt the same spontaneous urge to laughter. Even 
an ordinary swell rolled halfway up the cabin wall and looked as if 
it would pour in unhindered through the wide open door in which 
the bearded fellows lay gaping. But then the crazy craft came up to 
the surface again, and the vagabonds lay there as dry, shaggy, and 
intact as before. If a higher sea came racing by, cabin and sail and 
the whole mast might disappear behind the mountain of water, but 
just as certainly the cabin with its vagabonds would be there again 
next moment. The situation looked bad, and we could not realize 
that things had gone so well on board the zany craft. 

Next time we rowed out to have a good laugh at ourselves we 
nearly had a disaster. The wind and sea were higher than we 
supposed, and the Kon-Tiki was cleaving a path for herself over 
the swell much more quickly than we realized. We in the dinghy 
had to row for our lives out in the open sea in an attempt to regain 
the unmanageable raft, which could not stop and wait and could 
not possibly turn around and come back. Even when the boys on 
board the Kon-Tiki got the sail down, the wind got such a grip on 
the bamboo cabin that the raft drifted away to westward as fast as 
we could splash after her in the dancing rubber dinghy with its tiny 
toy oars. There was only one thought in the head of every man — 




we must not be separated. Those were horrible minutes we spent 
out on the sea before we got hold of the runaway raft and crawled 
on board to the others, home again. 

From that day it was strictly forbidden to go out in the rubber 
dinghy without having a long line made fast to the bow, so that 
those who remained on board could haul the dinghy in if 
necessary. We never went far away from the raft, thereafter, except 
when the wind was light and the Pacific curving itself in a gentle 
swell. But we had these conditions when the raft was halfway to 
Polynesia and the ocean, all dominating, arched itself round the 
globe toward every point of the compass. Then we could safely 
leave the Kon-Tiki and row away into the blue space between sky 
and sea. 

When we saw the silhouette of our craft grow smaller and 
smaller in the distance, and the big sail at last shrunken to a vague 
black square on the horizon, a sensation of loneliness sometimes 
crept over us. The sea curved away under us as blue upon blue as 
the sky above, and where they met all the blue flowed together and 
became one. It almost seemed as if we were suspended in space. 
All our world was empty and blue; there was no fixed point in it 
but the tropical sun, golden and warm, which burned our necks. 
Then the distant sail of the lonely raft drew us to it like a magnetic 
point on the horizon. We rowed back and crept on board with a 
feeling that we had come home again to our own world — on board 
and yet on firm, safe ground. And inside the bamboo cabin we 
found shade and the scent of bamboos and withered pahn leaves. 
The sunny blue purity outside was now served to us in a suitably 
large dose through the open cabin wall. So we were accustomed to 




it and so it was good for a time, till the great clear blue tempted us 
out again. 

It was most remarkable what a psychological effect the shaky 
bamboo cabin had on our minds. It measured eight by fourteen 
feet, and to diminish the pressure of wind and sea it was built low 
so that we could not stand upright under the ridge of the roof. 
Walls and roof were made of strong bamboo canes, lashed together 
and guyed, and covered with a tough wickerwork of split 
bamboos. The green and yellow bars, with fringes of foliage 
hanging down from the roof, were restful to the eye as a white 
cabin wall never could have been, and, despite the fact that the 
bamboo wall on the starboard side was open for one third of its 
length and roof and walls let in sun and moon, this primitive lair 
gave us a greater feeling of security than white-painted bulkheads 
and closed portholes would have given in the same circumstances. 

We tried to find an explanation for this curious fact and came to 
the following conclusion. Our consciousness was totally 
unaccustomed to associating a pahn-covered bamboo dwelling 
with sea travel. There was no natural harmony between the great 
rolling ocean and the drafty pahn hut which was floating about 
among the seas. Therefore, either the hut would seem entirely out 
of place in among the waves, or the waves would seem entirely out 
of place round the hut wall. So long as we kept on board, the 
bamboo hut and its jungle scent were plain reality, and the tossing 
seas seemed rather visionary. But from the rubber boat, waves and 
hut exchanged roles. 

The fact that the balsa logs always rode the seas like a gull, and 
let the water right through aft if a wave broke on board, gave us an 




unshakable confidence in the dry part in the middle of the raft 
where the cabin was. The longer the voyage lasted, the safer we 
felt in our cozy lair, and we looked at the white-crested waves that 
danced past outside our doorway as if they were an impressive 
movie, conveying no menace to us at all. Even though the gaping 
wall was only five feet from the unprotected edge of the raft and 
only a foot and a half above the water line, yet we felt as if we had 
traveled many miles away from the sea and occupied a jungle 
dwelling remote from the sea’s perils once we had crawled inside 
the door. There we could lie on our backs and look up at the 
curious roof which twisted about like boughs in the wind, 
enjoying the jungle smell of raw wood, bamboos, and withered 
palm leaves. 

Sometimes, too, we went out in the rubber boat to look at 
ourselves by night. Coal-black seas towered up on all sides, and a 
glittering myriad of tropical stars drew a faint reflection from 
plankton in the water. The world was simple — stars in the 
darkness. Whether it was 1947 B.C. or A.D. suddenly became of 
no significance. We lived, and that we felt with alert intensity. We 
realized that life had been full for men before the technical age also 
— in fact, fuller and richer in many ways than the life of modern 
man. Time and evolution somehow ceased to exist; all that was real 
and that mattered were the same today as they had always been and 
would always be. We were swallowed up in the absolute common 
measure of history — endless unbroken darkness under a swarm of 
stars. 

Before us in the night the Kon-Tiki rose out of the seas to sink 
down again behind black masses of water that towered between 




her and us. In the moonlight there was a fantastic atmosphere 
about the raft. Stout, shining wooden logs fringed with seaweed, 
the square pitch-black outline of a \lking sail, a bristly bamboo 
hut with the yellow light of a paraffin lamp aft — the whole 
suggested a picture from a fairytale rather than an actual reality. 
Now and then the raft disappeared completely behind the black 
seas; then she rose again and stood out sharp in silhouette against 
the stars, while glittering water poured from the logs. 

When we saw the atmosphere about the solitary raft, we could 
well see in our mind’s eye the whole flotilla of such vessels, spread 
in fan formation beyond the horizon to increase the chances of 
finding land, when the first men made their way across this sea. 
The Inca Tupak Yupanqui, who had brought under his rule both 
Peru and Ecuador, sailed across the sea with an armada of many 
thousand men on balsa rafts, just before the Spaniards came, to 
search for islands which rumor had told of out in the Pacific. He 
found two islands, which some think were the Galapagos, and 
after eight months’ absence he and his numerous paddlers 
succeeded in toiling their way back to Ecuador. Kon-Tiki and his 
followers had certainly sailed in a similar formation several 
hundred years before but, having discovered the Polynesian 
islands, they had no reason for trying to struggle back. 

When we jumped on board the raft again, we often sat down in 
a circle round the paraffin lamp on the bamboo deck and talked of 
the seafarers from Peru who had had all these same experiences 
fifteen hundred years before us. The lamp flung huge shadows of 
bearded men on the sail, and we thought of the white men with the 
beards from Peru whom we could follow in mythology and 




architecture all the way from Mexico to Central America and into 
the northwestern area of South America as far as Peru. Here this 
mysterious civilization disappeared, as by the stroke of a magic 
wand, before the coming of the Incas and reappeared just as 
suddenly out on the solitary islands in the west which we were 
now approaching. Were the wandering teachers men of an early 
civilized race from across the Atlantic, who in times long past, in 
the same simple manner, had come over with the westerly ocean 
current and the trade wind from the area of the Canary Islands to 
the Gulf of Mexico? That was indeed a far shorter distance than the 
one we were covering, and we no longer believed in the sea as a 
completely isolating factor. 

Many observers have maintained, for weighty reasons, that the 
great Indian civilizations, from the Aztecs in Mexico to the Incas in 
Peru, were inspired by sporadic intruders from over the seas in the 
east, while all the American Indians in general are Asiatic hunting 
and fishing peoples who in the course of twenty thousand years or 
more trickled into America from Siberia. It is certainly striking that 
there is not a trace of gradual development in the high civilizations 
which once stretched from Mexico to Peru. The deeper the 
archaeologists dig, the higher the culture, until a definite point is 
reached at which the old civilizations have clearly arisen without 
any foundation in the midst of primitive cultures. 

And the civilizations have arisen where the current comes in 
from the Atlantic, in the midst of the desert and jungle regions of 
Central and South America, instead of in the more temperate 
regions where civilizations, in both old and modern times, have 
had easier conditions for their development. 




The same cultural distribution is seen in the South Sea islands. It 
is the island nearest to Peru, Easter Island, which bears the deepest 
traces of civilization, although the insignificant little island is dry 
and barren and is the farthest from Asia of all the islands in the 
Pacific. 

When we had completed half our voyage, we had sailed just the 
distance from Peru to Easter Island and had the legendary island 
due south of us. We had left land at a chance point in the middle of 
the coast of Peru to imitate an average raft putting to sea. If we had 
left the land farther south, nearer Kon-Tiki’s ruined city 
Tiahuanaco, we should have got the same wind but a weaker 
current, both of which would have carried us in the direction of 
Easter Island. 

When we passed 110° west, we were within the Polynesian 
ocean area, inasmuch as the Polynesian Easter Island was now 
nearer Peru than we were. We were on a line with the first outpost 
of the South Sea islands, the center of the oldest island civilization. 
And when at night our glowing road guide, the sun, climbed down 
from the sky and disappeared beyond the sea in the west with his 
whole spectrum of colors, the gentle trade wind blew life into the 
stories of the strange mystery of Easter Island. While the night sky 
smothered all concept of time, we sat and talked and bearded 
giants’ heads were again thrown upon the sail. 

But far down south, on Easter Island, stood yet larger giants’ 
heads cut in stone, with bearded chins and white men’s features, 
brooding over the secret of centuries. 





Catching sharks with our hands. Sharks followed us throughout 
the voyage and we got to know them thoroughly. Top left, a shark 
eating out of the author s hand. Its black head projects from the 
water and snaps a dolphin in half with the utmost ease. Just as it 
is about to dive, the author seizes its tail fin, as rough as 
sandpaper. The shark is slowly hauled on deck. As soon as the tail 
fin comes above water the shark is helpless, and when at last the 
stomach sinks down toward the head it is almost paralyzed. 



Shark fishing (continued): One strong jerk and the shark is on 
deck. Then we have to jump out of the way and keep at a distance 
till the shark has ceased to snap around. 




A days catch. Nine sharks, two tunnies, and a lot ofbonitos. The 
flying fish, squids, and remora fish in the foreground all came on 
board of their own accord. 





A blue shark with its conqueror. Shark flesh was edible only ij 
soaked in salt water for twenty-four hours. But we often cleared 
the water of sharks to be on the safe side in case one of us should 
fall overboard. 

An idyllic scene: Hesselberg playing and singing in his “watch 
below. ” 




Heave ho! The ropes became slack in tropical sun and squalls, 
and we often had to make them taut. 



Thus they stood when the first Europeans discovered the island 
in 1722, and thus they had stood twenty- two Polynesian 
generations earlier, when, according to native tradition, the present 
inhabitants landed in great canoes and exterminated all men among 
an earlier population found on the island. The primitive 
newcomers had arrived from the islands farther west, but the 
Easter Island traditions claim that the earliest inhabitants, and the 
true discoverers of the island, had come from a distant land toward 
the rising sun. There is no land in this direction but South 
America. With the early extermination of the unknown local 
architects the giant stone heads on Easter Island have become one 
of the foremost symbols of the insoluble mysteries of antiquity. 
Here and there on the slopes of the treeless island their huge 
figures have risen to the sky, stone colossi splendidly carved in the 
shape of men and set up as a single block as high as a normal 
building of three or four floors. How had the men of old been able 
to shape, transport, and erect such gigantic stone colossi? As if the 
problem was not big enough, they had further succeeded in 
balancing an extra giant block of red stone like a colossal wig on 
the top of several of the heads, thirty-six feet above the ground. 
What did it all mean, and what kind of mechanical knowledge had 
the vanished architects who had mastered problems great enough 
for the foremost engineers of today? 

If we put all the pieces together, the mystery of Easter Island is 
perhaps not insoluble after all, seen against a background of 




raftsmen from Peru. The old civilization has left on this island 
traces which the tooth of time has not been able to destroy. 

Easter Island is the top of an ancient extinct volcano. Paved 
roads laid down by the old civilized inhabitants lead to well- 
preserved landing places on the coast and show that the water level 
round the island was exactly the same then as it is today. This is no 
remains of a sunken continent but a tiny desolate island, which 
was as small and solitary when it was a vivid cultural center as it is 
today. 

In the eastern corner of this wedge-shaped island lies one of the 
extinct craters of the Easter Island volcano, and down in the crater 
lies the sculptors’ amazing quarry and workshop. It lies there 
exactly as the old artists and architects left it hundreds of years ago, 
when they fled in haste to the eastern extremity of the island 
where, according to tradition, there was a furious battle which 
made the present Polynesians victors and rulers of the island, 
whereas all grown men among the aboriginals were slain and 
burned in a ditch. The sudden interruption of the artists’ work 
gives a clear cross section of an ordinary working day in the Easter 
Island crater. The sculptors’ stone axes, hard as flint, lie strewn 
about their working places and show that this advanced people 
was as ignorant of iron as Kon-Tiki’s sculptors were when they 
were driven in flight from Peru, leaving behind them similar 
gigantic stone statues on the Andes plateau. In both places the 
quarry can be found where the legendary white people with beards 
hewed blocks of stone thirty feet long or more right out of the 
mountainside with the help of axes of still harder stone. And in 
both places the gigantic blocks, weighing many tons, were 




transported for many miles over rough ground before being set up 
on end as enormous human figures, or raised on top of one 
another to form mysterious terraees and walls. 

Many huge unfinished figures still lie where they were begun, in 
their niehes in the crater wall on Easter Island, and show how the 
work was carried on in different stages. The largest human figure, 
which was almost completed when the builders had to flee, was 
sixty-six feet long; if it had been finished and set up, the head of 
this stone colossus would have been level with the top of an eight- 
floor building. Every separate figure was hewn out of a single 
connected block of stone, and the working niches for sculptors 
round the lying stone figures show that not many men were at 
work at the same time on each figure. Eying on their backs with 
their arms bent and their hands placed on their stomachs, exactly 
like the stone colossi in South America, the Easter Island figures 
were completed in every minute detail before they were removed 
from the workshop and transported to their destinations round 
about on the island. In the last stage inside the quarry the giant was 
attached to the cliff side by only a narrow ridge under his back; 
then this too was hewn away, the giant meanwhile being supported 
by boulders. 

Earge quantities of these figures were just dragged down to the 
bottom of the crater and set up on the slope there. But a number of 
the largest colossi were transported up and over the wall of the 
crater, and for many miles round over difficult country, before 
being set up on a stone platform and having an extra stone 
colossus of red tuff placed on their heads. This transport in itself 
may appear to be a complete mystery, but we cannot deny that it 




took place or that the arehitects who disappeared from Peru left in 
the Andes Mountains stone eolossi of equal size, which show that 
they were absolute experts in this line. Even if the monoliths are 
largest and most numerous on Easter Island, and the sculptors 
there had aequired an individual style, the same vanished 
civilization erected similar giant statues in human shape on many 
of the other Pacifie islands, but only on those nearest to America, 
and everywhere the monoliths were brought to their final site from 
out-of-the-way quarries. In the Marquesas, I heard legends of how 
the gigantic stones were maneuvered, and, as these corresponded 
exactly to the natives’ stories of the transport of the stone pillars to 
the huge portal on Tongatabu, it can be assumed that the same 
people employed the same method with the eolumns on Easter 
Island. 

The sculptors’ work in the pit took a long time but required only 
a few experts. The work of transport eaeh time a statue was 
eompleted was more quickly done but, on the other hand, required 
large numbers of men. Eittle Easter Island was then both rich in 
fish and thoroughly cultivated, with large plantations of Peruvian 
sweet potatoes, and experts believe that the island in its great days 
eould have supported a population of seven or eight thousand. 
About a thousand men were quite enough to haul the huge statues 
up and over the steep erater wall, while five hundred were 
suffieient to drag them on further across the island. 

Wearproof eables were plaited from bast and vegetable fibers, 
and, using wooden frames, the multitude dragged the stone 
colossus over logs and small boulders made slippery with taro 
roots. That old eivilized peoples were masters in making ropes and 




cables is well known from the South Sea islands and still more 
from Peru, where the first Europeans found suspension bridges a 
hundred yards long laid across torrents and gorges by means of 
plaited cables as thick as a man’s waist. 

When the stone colossus had arrived at its chosen site and was 
to be set up on end, the next problem arose. The crowd built a 
temporary inclined plane of stone and sand and pulled the giant up 
the less steep side, legs first. When the statue reached the top, it 
shot over a sharp edge and slid straight down so that the footpiece 
landed in a ready-dug hole. As the complete inclined plane still 
stood there, rubbing against the back of the giant’s head, they 
rolled up an extra cylinder of stone and placed it on the top of his 
head; then the whole temporary plane was removed. Ready-built 
inclined planes like this stand in several places on Easter Island, 
waiting for huge figures which have never come. The technique 
was admirable but in no way mysterious if we cease to 
underestimate the intelligence of men in ancient times and the 
amount of time and manpower which they had at their command. 

But why did they make these statues? And why was it necessary 
to go off to another quarry four miles away from the crater 
workshop to find a special kind of red stone to place on the 
figure’s head? Both in South America and in the Marquesas Islands 
the whole statue was often of this red stone, and the natives went 
great distances to get it. Red headdresses for persons of high rank 
were an important feature both in Polynesia and in Peru. 

Eet us see first whom the statues represented. When the first 
Europeans visited the island, they saw mysterious “white men” on 
shore and, in contrast to what is usual among peoples of this kind. 




they found men with long flowing beards, the descendants of 
women and children belonging to the first race on the island, who 
had been spared by the invaders. The natives themselves declared 
that some of their ancestors had been white, while others had been 
brown. They calculated precisely that the last-named had 
immigrated from elsewhere in Polynesia twenty-two generations 
before, while the first had come from eastward in large vessels as 
much as fifty-seven generations back (i.e., ca. 400 — 500 A.D.). 
The race which came from the east were given the name “long- 
ears,” because they lengthened their ears artificially by hanging 
weights on the lobes so that they hung down to their shoulders. 
These were the mysterious “long-ears” who were killed when the 
“short-ears” came to the island, and all the stone figures on Easter 
Island had large ears hanging down to their shoulders, as the 
sculptors themselves had had. 

Now the Inca legends in Peru say that the sun-king Kon-Tiki 
ruled over a white people with beards who were called by the 
Incas “big-ears,” because they had their ears artificially lengthened 
so that they reached down to their shoulders. The Incas 
emphasized that it was Kon-Tiki’s “big-ears” who had erected the 
abandoned giant statues in the Andes Mountains before they were 
exterminated or driven out by the Incas themselves in the battle on 
an island in Lake Titicaca. 

To sum up: Kon-Tiki’s white “big-ears” disappeared from Peru 
westward with ample experience of working on colossal stone 
statues, and Tiki’s white “long-ears” came to Easter Island from 
eastward skilled in exactly the same art, which they at once took up 
in full perfection so that not the smallest trace can be found on 




Easter Island of any development leading up to the masterpieces 
on the island. 

There is often a greater resemblance between the great stone 
statues in South America and those on certain South Sea islands 
than there is between the monoliths on the different South Sea 
islands compared with one another. In the Marquesas Islands and 
Tahiti such statues were known under the generic name Tiki, and 
they represented ancestors honored in the islands’ history who, 
after their death, had been ranked as gods. And therein 
undoubtedly may be found the explanation of the curious red 
stone caps on the Easter Island figures. At the time of the European 
explorations there existed on all the islands in Polynesia scattered 
individuals and whole families with reddish hair and fair skins, 
and the islanders themselves declared that it was these who were 
descended from the first white people on the islands. On certain 
islands religious festivals were held, the participators in which 
colored their skins white and their hair red to resemble their 
earliest ancestors. At annual ceremonies on Easter Island the chief 
person of the festival had all his hair cut off so that his head might 
be painted red. And the colossal red-stone caps on the giant statues 
on Easter Island were carved in the shape which was typical of the 
local hair style; they had a round knot on the top, just as the men 
had their hair tied in a little traditional topknot in the middle of the 
head. 

The statues on Easter Island had long ears because the sculptors 
themselves had lengthened ears. They had specially chosen red 
stones as wigs because the sculptors themselves had reddish hair. 
They had their chins carved pointed and projecting, because the 




sculptors themselves grew beards. They had the typical 
physiognomy of the white race with a straight and narrow nose 
and thin sharp lips, because the sculptors themselves did not 
belong to the Indonesian race. And when the statues had huge 
heads and tiny legs, with their hands laid in position on their 
stomachs, it was because it was just in this way the people were 
accustomed to make giant statues in South America. The sole 
decoration of the Easter Island figures is a belt which was always 
carved round the figure’s stomach. The same symbolic belt is 
found on every single statue in Kon-Tiki’s ancient ruins by Lake 
Titicaca. It is the legendary emblem of the sun-god, the rainbow 
belt. There was a myth on the island of Mangareva according to 
which the sun-god had taken off the rainbow which was his magic 
belt and climbed down it from the sky on to Mangareva to people 
the island with his white- skinned children. The sun was once 
regarded as the oldest original ancestor in all these islands, as well 
as in Peru. 

We used to sit on deck under the starry sky and retell Easter 
Island’s strange history, even though our own raft was carrying us 
straight into the heart of Polynesia so that we should see nothing of 
that remote island but its name on the map. But so full is Easter 
Island of traces from the east that even its name can serve as a 
pointer. 

“Easter Island” appears on the map because some chance 
Dutchman “discovered” the island one Easter Sunday. And we 
have forgotten that the natives themselves, who already lived there, 
had more instructive and significant names for their home. This 
island has no less than three names in Polynesian. 




One name is Te-Pito-te-Henua, which means “navel of the 
islands.” This poetical name clearly places Easter Island in a 
special position in regard to the other islands farther westward and 
is the oldest designation for Easter Island according to the 
Polynesians themselves. On the eastern side of the island, near the 
traditional landing place of the first “long-ears,” is a carefully 
tooled sphere of stone which is called the “golden navef ’ and is in 
turn regarded as the navel of Easter Island itself. When the poetical 
Polynesian ancestors carved the island navel on the east coast and 
selected the island nearest Peru as the navel of their myriad islands 
further west, it had a symbolic meaning. And when we know that 
Polynesian tradition refers to the discovery of their islands as the 
“birth” of their islands, then it is more than suggested that Easter 
Island of all places was considered the “navel,” symbolic of the 
islands’ birthmark and as the connecting link with their original 
motherland. 

Easter Island’s second name is Rapa Nui which means “Great 
Rapa,” while Rapa Iti or “Eittle Rapa” is another island of the same 
size which lies a very long way west of Easter Island. Now it is the 

natural practice of all peoples to call their first home “Great ” 

while the next is called “New ” or “Eittle ” even if the 

places are of the same size. And on Eittle Rapa the natives have 
quite correctly maintained traditions that the first inhabitants of the 
island came from Great Rapa, Easter Island, to the eastward, 
nearest to America. This points directly to an original immigration 
from the east. 

The third and last name of this key island is Mata-Kite-Rani, 
which means “the eye (which) looks (toward) heaven.” At first 




glance this is puzzling, for the relatively low Easter Island does not 
look toward heaven any more than the other loftier islands — for 
example, Tahiti, the Marquesas, or Hawaii. But Rani, heaven, had a 
double meaning to the Polynesians. It was also their aneestors’ 
original homeland, the holy land of the sun-god. Tiki’s forsaken 
mountain kingdom. And it is very signifieant that they should have 
called just their easternmost island, of all the thousands of islands 
in the oeean, “the eye whieh looks toward heaven.” It is all the 
more striking seeing that the kindred name Mata-Rani, which 
means in Polynesian “the eye of heaven,” is an old Peruvian plaee 
name, that of a spot on the Pacific coast of Peru opposite Easter 
Island and right at the foot of Kon-Tiki’s old ruined eity in the 
Andes. 

The faseination of Easter Island provided us with plenty of 
subjeets of eonversation as we sat on deek under the starry sky, 
feeling ourselves to be participators in the whole prehistorie 
adventure. We almost felt as if we had done nothing else sinee 
Tiki’s days but sail about the seas under sun and stars searehing for 
land. 

We no longer had the same respeet for waves and sea. We knew 
them and their relationship to us on the raft. Even the shark had 
become a part of the everyday pieture; we knew it and its usual 
reaetions. We no longer thought of the hand harpoon, and we did 
not even move away from the side of the raft, if a shark came up 
alongside. On the contrary, we were more likely to try and grasp its 
baek fin as it glided unperturbed along the logs. This finally 
developed into a quite new form of sport — tug of war with shark 
without a line. 




We began quite modestly. We caught all too easily more dolphins 
than we could eat. To keep a popular form of amusement going 
without wasting food, we hit on comic fishing without a hook for 
the mutual entertainment of the dolphins and ourselves. We 
fastened unused flying fish to a string and drew them over the 
surface of the water. The dolphins shot up to the surface and 
seized the fish, and then we tugged, each in our own direction, and 
had a fine circus performance, for if one dolphin let go another 
came in its place. We had fun, and the dolphins got the fish in the 
end. 

Then we started the same game with the sharks. We had either a 
bit of fish on the end of a rope or often a bag with scraps from 
dinner, which we let out on a line. Instead of turning on its back, 
the shark pushed its snout above the water and swam forward with 
jaws wide to swallow the morsel. We could not help pulling on the 
rope just as the shark was going to close its jaws again, and the 
cheated animal swam on with an unspeakably foolish, patient 
expression and opened its jaws again for the offal, which jumped 
out of its mouth every time it tried to swallow it. It ended by the 
shark’s coming right up to the logs and jumping up like a begging 
dog for the food which hung dangling in a bag above its nose. It 
was just like feeding a gaping hippopotamus in a zoological 
gardens, and one day at the end of July, after three months on 
board the raft, the following entry was made in the diary: 

— We made friends with the shark which followed us today. At 
dinner we fed it with scraps which we poured right down into its 
open jaws. It has the effect of a half fierce, half good-natured and 
friendly dog when it swims alongside us. It cannot be denied that 




sharks can seem quite pleasant so long as we do not get into their 
jaws ourselves. At least we find it amusing to have them about us, 
except when we are bathing. 

One day a bamboo stick, with a bag of sharks’ food tied to a 
string, was lying ready for use on the edge of the raft when a sea 
came and washed it overboard. The bamboo stick was already 
lying afloat a couple of hundred yards astern of the raft, when it 
suddenly rose upright in the water and came rushing after the raft 
by itself, as if it intended to put itself nicely back in its place again. 
When the fishing rod came swaying nearer us, we saw a ten-foot 
shark swimming right under it, while the bamboo stick stuck up 
out of the waves like a periscope. The shark had swallowed the 
food bag without biting off the line. The fishing rod soon overtook 
us, passed us quite quietly, and vanished ahead. 

But, even if we gradually came to look upon the shark with 
quite other eyes, our respect for the five or six rows of razorsharp 
teeth which lay in ambush in the huge jaws never disappeared. 

One day Knut had an involuntary swim in company with a 
shark. No one was ever allowed to swim away from the raft, both 
on account of the raft’s drift and because of sharks. But one day it 
was extra quiet and we had just pulled on board such sharks as 
had been following us, so permission was given for a quick dip in 
the sea. Knut plunged in and had gone quite a long way before he 
came up to the surface to crawl back. At that moment we saw from 
the mast a shadow bigger than himself coming up behind him, 
deeper down. We shouted warnings as quietly as we could so as 
not to create a panic, and Knut heaved himself toward the side of 
the raft. But the shadow below belonged to a still better swimmer. 




which shot up from the depths and gained on Knut. They reached 
the raft at the same time. While Knut was clambering on board, a 
six-foot shark glided past right under his stomach and stopped 
beside the raft. We gave it a dainty dolphin’s head to thank it for 
not having snapped. 

Generally it is smell more than sight which excites the sharks’ 
voracity. We have sat with our legs in the water to test them, and 
they have swum toward us till they were two or three feet away, 
only quietly to turn their tails toward us again. But, if the water 
was in the least bloodstained, as it was when we had been cleaning 
fish, the sharks’ fins came to life and they would suddenly collect 
like bluebottles from a long way off. If we flung out shark’s guts, 
they simply went mad and dashed about in a blind frenzy. They 
savagely devoured the liver of their own kind and then, if we put a 
foot into the sea, they came for it like rockets and even dug their 
teeth into the logs where the foot had been. The mood of a shark 
may vary immensely, the animal being completely at the mercy of 
its own emotions. 

The last stage in our encounter with sharks was that we began to 
pull their tails. Pulling animals’ tails is held to be an inferior form 
of sport, but that may be because no one has tried it on a shark. 
For it was, in truth, a lively form of sport. 

To get hold of a shark by the tail we first had to give it a real 
tidbit. It was ready to stiek its head high out of the water to get it. 
Usually it had its food served dangling in a bag. For, if one has fed 
a shark directly by hand once, it is no longer amusing. If one feeds 
dogs or tame bears by hand, they set their teeth into the meat and 
tear and worry it till they get a bit off or until they get the whole 




piece for themselves. But, if one holds out a large dolphin at a safe 
distance from the shark’s head, the shark comes up and smacks his 
jaws together, and, without one’s having felt the slightest tug, half 
the dolphin is suddenly gone and one is left sitting with a tail in 
one’s hand. We had found it a hard job to cut the dolphin in two 
with knives, but in a fraction of a second the shark, moving its 
triangular saw teeth quickly sideways, had chopped off the 
backbone and everything else like a sausage machine. 

When the shark turned quietly to go under again, its tail 
flickered up above the surface and was easy to grasp. The shark’s 
skin was just like sandpaper to hold on to, and inside the upper 
point of its tail there was an indentation which might have been 
made solely to allow of a good grip. If we once got a firm grasp 
there, there was no chance of our grip’s not holding. Then we had 
to give a jerk, before the shark could collect itself, and get as much 
as possible of the tail pulled in tight over the logs. For a second or 
two the shark realized nothing, but then it began to wriggle and 
struggle in a spiritless manner with the fore part of its body, for 
without the help of its tail a shark cannot get up any speed. The 
other fins are only apparatus for balancing and steering. After a 
few desperate jerks, during which we had to keep a tight hold of 
the tail, the surprised shark became quite crestfallen and apathetic, 
and, as the loose stomach began to sink down toward the head, the 
shark at last became completely paralyzed. 

When the shark had become quiet and, as it were, hung stiff 
awaiting developments, it was time for us to haul in with all our 
might. We seldom got more than half the heavy fish up out of the 
water; then the shark too woke up and did the rest itself. With 




violent jerks it swung its head round and up on to the logs, and 
then we had to tug with all our might and jump well out of the 
way, and that pretty quickly, if we wanted to save our legs. For 
now the shark was in no kindly mood. Jerking itself round in great 
leaps, it thrashed at the bamboo wall, using its tail as a sledge 
hammer. Now it no longer spared its iron muscles. The huge jaws 
were opened wide, and the rows of teeth bit and snapped in the air 
for anything they could reach. It might happen that the war dance 
ended in the shark’s more or less involuntarily tumbling overboard 
and disappearing for good after its shameful humiliation, but most 
often the shark flung itself about at random on the logs aft, till we 
got a running noose round the root of its tail or till it had ceased to 
gnash its devilish teeth forever. 

The parrot was quite thrilled when we had a shark on deck. It 
came scurrying out of the bamboo cabin and climbed up the wall 
at frantic speed till it found itself a good, safe lookout post on the 
palm-leaf roof, and there it sat shaking its head or fluttered to and 
fro along the ridge, shrieking with excitement. It had at an early 
date become an excellent sailor and was always bubbling over with 
humor and laughter. We reckoned ourselves as seven on board — 
six of us and the green parrot. The crab Johannes had, after all, to 
reconcile itself to being regarded as a cold-blooded appendage. At 
night the parrot crept into its cage under the roof of the bamboo 
cabin, but in the daytime it strutted about the deck or hung on to 
guy ropes and stays and did the most fascinating acrobatic 
exercises. 

At the start of the voyage we had turnbuckles on the stays of the 
mast but they wore the ropes, so we replaced them by ordinary 




running knots. When the stays stretched and grew slack from sun 
and wind, all hands had to turn to and brace up the mast, so that its 
mangrove wood, as heavy as iron, should not bump against and 
cut into the ropes till they fell down. While we were hauling and 
pulling, at the most critical moment the parrot began to call out 
with its cracked voice: “Haul! Haul! Ho, ho, ho, ho, ha ha ha!” 
And if it made us laugh, it laughed till it shook at its own 
cleverness and swung round and round on the stays. 

At first the parrot was the bane of our radio operators. They 
might be sitting happily absorbed in the radio corner with their 
magic earphones on and perhaps in contact with a radio “ham” in 
Oklahoma. Then their earphones would suddenly go dead, and 
they could not get a sound however much they coaxed the wires 
and turned the knobs. The parrot had been busy and bitten off the 
wire of the aerial. This was specially tempting in the early days, 
when the wire was sent up with a little balloon. But one day the 
parrot became seriously ill. It sat in its cage and moped and 
touched no food for two days, while its droppings glittered with 
golden scraps of aerial. Then the radio operators repented of their 
angry words and the parrot of its misdeeds, and from that day 
Torstein and Knut were its chosen friends and the parrot would 
never sleep anywhere but in the radio corner. The parrot’s mother 
tongue was Spanish when it first came on board; Bengt declared it 
took to talking Spanish with a Norwegian accent long before it 
began to imitate Torstein’s favorite ejaculations in full-blooded 
Norwegian. 

We enjoyed the parrot’s humor and brilliant colors for two 
months, till a big sea came on board from astern while it was on its 




way down the stay from the masthead. When we discovered that 
the parrot had gone overboard, it was too late. We did not see it. 
And the Kon-Tiki could not be turned or stopped; if anything went 
overboard from the raft, we had no chance of turning back for it — 
numerous experiences had shown that. 

The loss of the parrot had a depressing effect on our spirits the 
first evening; we knew that exactly the same thing would happen to 
ourselves if we fell overboard on a solitary night watch. We 
tightened up on all the safety regulations, brought into use new life 
lines for the night watch, and frightened one another out of 
believing that we were safe because things had gone well in the 
first two months. One careless step, one thoughtless movement, 
could send us where the green parrot had gone, even in broad 
daylight. 

We had several times observed the large white shells of 
cuttlefish eggs, lying floating like ostrich eggs or white skulls on 
the blue swell. On one solitary occasion we saw a squid lying 
wriggling underneath. We observed the snow-white balls floating 
on a level with ourselves and thought at first that it would be an 
easy matter to row out in the dinghy and get them. We thought the 
same that time when the rope of the plankton net broke so that the 
cloth net was left behind alone, floating in our wake. Each time we 
launched the dinghy, with a rope attached, to row back and pick up 
the floating object. But we saw to our surprise that the wind and 
sea held the dinghy off and that the line from the Kon-Tiki had so 
violent a braking effect in the water that we could never row right 
back to a point we had already left. We might get within a few 
yards of what we wanted to pick up, but then the whole line was 




out and the Kon-Tiki was pulling us away westward. “Once 
overboard always overboard” was a lesson that was gradually 
branded into our consciousness on board. If we wanted to go with 
the rest, we must hang on till the Kon-Tiki ran her bow against land 
on the other side. 

The parrot left a blank in the radio corner, but, when the tropical 
sun shone out over the Pacific next day, we soon became 
reconciled to his loss. We hauled in many sharks the next few 
days, and we constantly found black curved parrots’ beaks, or so 
we thought, among tunnies’ heads and other curiosities in the 
shark’s belly. But on closer examination the black beaks always 
proved to belong to assimilated cuttlefish. 

The two radio operators had had a tough job in their corner 
since the first day they came on board. The very first day, in the 
Humboldt Current, sea water trickled even from the battery cases 
so that they had to cover the sensitive radio corner with canvas to 
save what could be saved in the high seas. And then they had the 
problem of fitting a long enough aerial on the little raft. They tried 
to send the aerial up with a kite, but in a gust of wind the kite 
simply plunged down into a wave crest and disappeared. Then 
they tried to send it up with a balloon, but the tropical sun burned 
holes in the balloon so that it collapsed and sank into the sea. And 
then they had the trouble with the parrot. In addition to all this, we 
were a fortnight in the Humboldt Current before we came out of a 
dead zone of the Andes in which the short wave was as dumb and 
lifeless as the air in an empty soapbox. 

But then one night the short wave suddenly broke through, and 
Torstein’s call signal was heard by a chance radio amateur in Los 




Angeles who was sitting fiddling with his transmitter to establish 
contaet with another amateur in Sweden. The man asked what 
kind of set we had and, when he got a satisfactory answer to his 
question, he asked Torstein who he was and where he lived. When 
he heard that Torstein’s abode was a bamboo cabin on a raft in the 
Pacific, there were several peculiar clickings until Torstein 
supplied more details. When the man on the air had pulled himself 
together, he told us that his name was Hal and his wife’s name 
Anna and that she was Swedish by birth and would let our families 
know we were alive and well. 

It was a strange thought for us that evening that a total stranger 
called Hal, a chance moving-picture operator far away among the 
swarming population of Los Angeles, was the only person in the 
world but ourselves who knew where we were and that we were 
well. From that night onward Hal, alias Harold Kemp el, and his 
friend Frank Cuevas took it in turns to sit up every night and listen 
for signals from the raft, and Herman received grateful telegrams 
from the head of the U.S. Weather Bureau for his two daily code 
reports from an area for which there were extremely few reports 
and no statistics. Later Knut and Torstein established contact with 
other radio amateurs almost every night, and these passed on 
greetings to Norway through a radio “ham” named Egil Berg at 
Notodden. 

When we were just a few days out in mid-ocean, there was too 
much salt water for the radio corner, and the station stopped 
working altogether. The operators stood on their heads day and 
night with screws and soldering irons, and all our distant radio 
fans thought the raft’s days were ended. But then one night the 




signals LI 2 B burst out into the ether, and in a moment the radio 
corner was buzzing like a wasp’s nest as several hundred American 
operators seized their keys simultaneously and replied to the call. 

Indeed one always felt as if one were sitting down on a wasp’s 
nest if one strayed into the radio operators’ domain. It was damp 
with sea water, which forced its way up along the woodwork 
everywhere, and, even if there was a piece of raw rubber on the 
balsa log where the operator sat, one got electric shocks both in the 
hinder parts and in the finger tips if one touched the Morse key. 
And, if one of us outsiders tried to steal a pencil from the well- 
equipped corner, either his hair stood straight up on his head or he 
drew long sparks from the stump of the pencil. Only Torstein and 
Knut and the parrot could wriggle their way about in that corner 
unscathed, and we put up a sheet of cardboard to mark the danger 
zone for the rest of us. 

Late one night Knut was sitting tinkering by lamplight in the 
radio corner when he suddenly shook me by the leg and said he 
had been talking to a fellow who lived just outside Oslo and was 
called Christian Amundsen. This was a bit of an amateur record, 
for the little short-wave transmitter on board the raft with its 
13,990 kilocycles per second did not send out more than 6 watts, 
about the same strength as a small electric torch. This was August 
2, and we had sailed more than sixty degrees round the earth, so 
that Oslo was at the opposite end of the globe. King Haakon was 
seventy-five years old the day after, and we sent him a message of 
congratulations direct from the raft; the day after that Christian was 
again audible and sent us a reply from the King, wishing us 
continued good luck and success on our voyage. 




Another episode we remember as an unusual contrast to the rest 
of the life on the raft. We had two cameras on board, and Erik had 
with him a parcel of materials for developing photographs on the 
voyage, so that we could take duplicate snapshots of things that 
had not come out well. After the whale shark’s visit he could 
contain himself no longer, and one evening he mixed the chemicals 
and water carefully in exact accordance with the instructions and 
developed two films. The negatives looked like long-distance 
photographs — nothing but obscure spots and wrinkles. The film 
was ruined. We telegraphed to our contacts for advice, but our 
message was picked up by a radio amateur near Hollywood. He 
telephoned a laboratory and soon afterward he broke in and told 
us that our developer was too warm; we must not use water above 
60° or the negative would be wrinkled. 

We thanked him for his advice and ascertained that the very 
lowest temperature in our surroundings was that of the ocean 
current itself, which was nearly 80°. Now Herman was a 
refrigerating engineer, and I told him by way of a joke to get the 
temperature of the water down to 60°. He asked to have the use of 
the little bottle of carbonic acid belonging to the already inflated 
rubber dinghy, and after some hocus-pocus in a kettle covered 
with a sleeping bag and a woolen vest suddenly there was snow on 
Herman’s stubbly beard, and he came in with a big lump of white 
ice in the kettle. 

Erik developed afresh with splendid results. 

Even though the ghost words carried through the air by short 
wave were an unknown luxury in Kon-Tiki’s early days, the long 
ocean waves beneath us were the same as of old and they carried 




the balsa raft steadily westward as they did then, fifteen hundred 
years ago. 

The weather became a little more unsettled, with scattered rain 
squalls, after we had entered the area nearer the South Sea islands 
and the trade wind had changed its direction. It had blown steadily 
and surely from the southeast until we were a good way over in 
the Equatorial Current; then it had veered round more and more 
toward due east. We reached our most northerly position on June 
10 with latitude 6° 19' south. We were then so close up to the 
Equator that it looked as if we should sail above even the most 
northerly islands of the Marquesas group and disappear completely 
in the sea without finding land. But then the trade wind swung 
round farther, from east to northeast, and drove us in a curve 
down toward the latitude of the world of islands. 

It often happened that wind and sea remained unchanged for 
days on end, and then we clean forgot whose steering watch it was 
except at night, when the watch was alone on deck. For, if sea and 
wind were steady, the steering oar was lashed fast and the Kon- 
Tiki sail remained filled without our attending to it. Then the night 
watch could sit quietly in the cabin door and look at the stars. If 
the constellations changed their position in the sky, it was time for 
him to go out and see whether it was the steering oar or the wind 
that had shifted. 

It was incredible how easy it was to steer by the stars when we 
had seen them marching across the vault of the sky for weeks on 
end. Indeed, there was not much else to look at at night. We knew 
where we could expect to see the different constellations night 
after night, and, when we came up toward the Equator, the Great 




Bear rose so clear of the horizon in the north that we were anxious 
lest we should catch a glimpse of the Pole Star, which appears 
when one comes from southward and crosses the Equator. But as 
the northeasterly trade wind set in, the Great Bear sank again. 

The old Polynesians were great navigators. They took bearings 
by the sun by day and the stars by night. Their knowledge of the 
heavenly bodies was astonishing. They knew that the earth was 
round, and they had names for such abstruse conceptions as the 
Equator and the northern and southern tropics. In Hawaii they cut 
charts of the ocean on the shells of round bottle gourds, and on 
certain other islands they made detailed maps of plaited boughs to 
which shells were attached to mark the islands, while the twigs 
marked particular currents. The Polynesians knew five planets, 
which they called wandering stars, and distinguished them from 
the fixed stars, for which they had nearly two hundred different 
names. A good navigator in old Polynesia knew well in what part 
of the sky the different stars would rise and where they would be 
at different times of the night and at different times of the year. 
They knew which stars culminated over the different islands, and 
there were cases in which an island was named after a star which 
culminated over it night after night and year after year. 

Apart from the fact that the starry sky lay like a glittering giant 
compass revolving from east to west, they understood that the 
different stars right over their heads always showed them how far 
north or south they were. When the Polynesians had explored and 
brought under their sway their present domain, which is the whole 
of the sea nearest to America, they maintained traffic between 
some of the islands for many generations to come. Historical 




traditions relate that, when the chiefs from Tahiti visited Hawaii, 
which lay more than 2,000 sea miles farther north and several 
degrees farther west, the helmsman steered first due north by sun 
and stars, till the stars right above their heads told them that they 
were on the latitude of Hawaii. Then they turned at a right angle 
and steered due west till they came so near that birds and clouds 
told them where the group of islands lay 

Whence had the Polynesians obtained their vast astronomical 
knowledge and their calendar, which was calculated with 
astonishing thoroughness? Certainly not from Melanesian or 
Malayan peoples to the westward. But the same old vanished 
civilized race, the “white and bearded men,” who had taught 
Aztecs, Mayas, and Incas their amazing culture in America, had 
evolved a curiously similar calendar and a similar astronomical 
knowledge which Europe in those times could not match. In 
Polynesia, as in Peru, the calendar year had been so arranged as to 
begin on the particular day of the year when the constellation of 
the Pleiades first appeared above the horizon, and in both areas 
this constellation was considered the patron of agriculture. 

In Peru, where the continent slopes down toward the Pacific, 
there stand to this day in the desert sand the ruins of an 
astronomical observatory of great antiquity, a relic of the same 
mysterious civilized people which carved stone colossi, erected 
pyramids, cultivated sweet potatoes and bottle gourds, and began 
their year with the rising of the Pleiades. Kon-Tiki knew the 
movement of the stars when he set sail upon the Pacific Ocean. 

On July 2 our night watch could no longer sit in peace studying 
the night sky. We had a strong wind and nasty sea after several 




days of light northeasterly breeze. Late in the night we had brilliant 
moonlight and a quite fresh sailing wind. We measured our speed 
by counting the seconds we took to pass a chip, flung out ahead on 
one side of us, and found that we were establishing a speed record. 
While our average speed was from twelve to eighteen “chips,” in 
the jargon current on board, we were now for a time down to “six 
chips,” and the phosphorescence swirled in a regular wake astern 
of the raft. 

Four men lay snoring in the bamboo cabin while Torstein sat 
clicking with the Morse key and I was on steering watch. Just 
before midnight I caught sight of a quite unusual sea which came 
breaking astern of us right across the whole of my disturbed field 
of vision. Behind it I could see here and there the foaming crests 
of two more huge seas like the first, following hard on its heels. If 
we ourselves had not just passed the place, I should have been 
convinced that what I saw was high surf flung up over a 
dangerous shoal. I gave a warning shout, as the first sea came like 
a long wall sweeping after us in the moonlight, and wrenched the 
raft into position to take what was coming. 

When the first sea reached us, the raft flung her stern up 
sideways and rose up over the wave back which had just broken, 
so that it hissed and boiled all along the crest. We rode through the 
welter of boiling foam which poured along both sides of the raft, 
while the heavy sea itself rolled by under us. The bow flung itself 
up last as the wave passed, and we slid, stern first, down into a 
broad trough of the waves. Immediately after the next wall of 
water came on and rose up, while we were again lifted hurriedly 
into the air and the clear water masses broke over us aft as we shot 




over the edge. As a result the raft was flung right broadside on to 
the seas, and it was impossible to wrench her round quickly 
enough. 

The next sea came on and rose out of the stripes of foam like a 
glittering wall which began to fall along its upper edge just as it 
reached us. When it plunged down, I saw nothing else to do but 
hang on as tight as I could to a projecting bamboo pole of the 
cabin roof; there I held my breath while I felt that we were flung 
sky-high and everything round me carried away in roaring 
whirlpools of foam. In a second we and the Kon-Tiki were above 
water again and gliding quietly down a gentle wave back on the 
other side. Then the seas were normal again. The three great wave 
walls raced on before us, and astern in the moonlight a string of 
coconuts lay bobbing in the water. 

The last wave had given the cabin a violent blow, so that 
Torstein was flung head over heels into the radio corner and the 
others woke, scared by the noise, while the water gushed up 
between the logs and in through the wall. On the port side of the 
foredeck the bamboo wickerwork was blown open like a small 
crater, and the diving basket had been knocked flat up in the bow, 
but everything else was as it had been. Where the three big seas 
came from, we have never been able to explain with certainty, 
unless they were due to disturbances on the sea bottom, which are 
not so uncommon in these regions. 

Two days later we had our first storm. It started by the trade 
wind dying away completely, and the feathery, white trade-wind 
clouds, which were drifting over our heads up in the topmost blue, 
being suddenly invaded by a thick black cloud bank which rolled 




up over the horizon from southward. Then there came gusts of 
wind from the most unexpected directions, so that it was 
impossible for the steering watch to keep control. As quickly as we 
got our stern turned to the new direction of the wind, so that the 
sail bellied out stiff and safe, just as quickly the gusts came at us 
from another quarter, squeezed the proud bulge out of the sail, and 
made it swing round and thrash about to the peril of both crew and 
cargo. But then the wind suddenly set in to blow straight from the 
quarter whence the bad weather came, and, as the black clouds 
rolled over us, the breeze increased to a fresh wind which worked 
itself up into a real storm. 

In the course of an incredibly short time the seas round about us 
were flung up to a height of fifteen feet, while single crests were 
hissing twenty and twenty-five feet above the trough of the sea, so 
that we had them on a level with our masthead when we ourselves 
were down in the trough. All hands had to scramble about on deck 
bent double, while the wind shook the bamboo wall and whistled 
and howled in all the rigging. 

To protect the radio corner we stretched canvas over the rear 
wall and port side of the cabin. All loose cargo was lashed 
securely, and the sail was hauled down and made fast around the 
bamboo yard. When the sky clouded over, the sea grew dark and 
threatening, and in every direction it was white-crested with 
breaking waves. Long tracks of dead foam lay like stripes to 
windward down the backs of the long seas; and everywhere, 
where the wave ridges had broken and plunged down, green 
patches like wounds lay frothing for a long time in the blue-black 
sea. The crests blew away as they broke, and the spray stood like 




salt rain over the sea. When the tropical rain poured over us in 
horizontal squalls and whipped the surface of the sea, invisible all 
round us, the water that ran from our hair and beards tasted 
brackish, while we crawled about the deck naked and frozen, 
seeing that all the gear was in order to weather the storm. 

When the storm rushed up over the horizon and gathered about 
us for the first time, strained anticipation and anxiety were 
discernible in our looks. But when it was upon us in earnest, and 
the Kon-Tiki took everything that came her way with ease and 
buoyancy, the storm became an exciting form of sport, and we all 
delighted in the fury round about us which the balsa raft mastered 
so adroitly, always seeing that she herself lay on the wave tops like 
a cork, while all the main weight of the raging water was always a 
few inches beneath. The sea had much in common with the 
mountains in such weather. It was like being out in the wilds in a 
storm, up on the highest mountain plateaus, naked and gray. Even 
though we were right in the heart of the tropics, when the raft 
glided up and down over the smoking waste of sea we always 
thought of racing downhill among snowdrifts and rock faces. 

The steering watch had to keep its eyes open in such weather. 
When the steepest seas passed under the forward half of the raft, 
the logs aft rose right out of the water, but the next second they 
plunged down again to climb up over the next crest. Each time the 
seas came so close upon one another that the hindmost reached us 
while the first was still holding the bow in the air. Then the solid 
sheets of water thundered in over the steering watch in a terrifying 
welter, but next second the stern went up and the flood 
disappeared as through the prongs of a fork. 




We calculated that in an ordinary cakn sea, where there were 
usually seven seconds between the highest waves, we took in 
about two hundred tons of water astern in twenty-four hours. But 
we hardly noticed it because it just flowed in quietly round the 
bare legs of the steering watch and as quietly disappeared again 
between the logs. But in a heavy storm more than ten thousand 
tons of water poured on board astern in the course of twenty-four 
hours, seeing that loads varying from a few gallons to two or three 
cubic yards, and occasionally much more, flowed on board every 
five seconds. It sometimes broke on board with a deafening 
thunderclap, so that the helmsman stood in water up to his waist 
and felt as if he were forcing his way against the current in a swift 
river. The raft seemed to stand trembling for a moment, but then 
the cruel load that weighed her down astern disappeared 
overboard again in great cascades. 

Herman was out all the time with his anemometer measuring the 
squalls of gale force, which lasted for twenty-four hours. Then 
they gradually dropped to a stiff breeze with scattered rain squalls, 
which continued to keep the seas boiling round us as we tumbled 
on westward with a good sailing wind. To obtain accurate wind 
measurements down among the towering seas Herman had, 
whenever possible, to make his way up to the swaying masthead, 
where it was all he could do to hold on. 

When the weather moderated, it was as though the big fish 
around us had become completely infuriated. The water round the 
raft was full of sharks, tunnies, dolphins, and a few dazed bonitos, 
all wriggling about close under the timber of the raft and in the 
waves nearest to it. It was a ceaseless life-and-death struggle; the 




backs of big fishes arched themselves over the water and shot off 
like rockets, one chasing another in pairs, while the water round 
the raft was repeatedly tinged with thick blood. The combatants 
were mainly tunnies and dolphins, and the dolphins came in big 
shoals which moved much more quickly and alertly than usual. 
The tunnies were the assailants; often a fish of 150 to 200 pounds 
would leap high into the air holding a dolphin’s bloody head in its 
mouth. But, even if individual dolphins dashed off with tunnies 
hard on their heels, the actual shoal of dolphins did not give 
ground, although there were often several wriggling round with 
big gaping wounds in their necks. Now and again the sharks, too, 
seemed to become blind with rage, and we saw them catch and 
fight with big tunnies, which met in the shark a superior enemy. 

Not one single peaceful little pilot fish was to be seen. They had 
been devoured by the furious tunnies, or they had hidden in the 
chinks under the raft or fled far away from the battlefield. We 
dared not put our heads down into the water to see. 

I had a nasty shock — and could not help laughing afterward at 
my own complete bewilderment — ^when I was aft, obeying a call 
of nature. We were accustomed to a bit of a swell in the water 
closet, but it seemed contrary to all reasonable probabilities when I 
quite unexpectedly received a violent punch astern from something 
large and cold and very heavy, which came butting up against me 
like a shark’s head in the sea. I was actually on my way up the 
mast stay, with a feeling that I had a shark hanging on to my 
hindquarters, before I collected myself. Herman, who was hanging 
over the steering oar doubled up with laughter, was able to tell me 
that a huge tunny had delivered a sideways smaek at my nakedness 




with his 160 pounds or so of cold fish. Afterward, when Herman 
and then Torstein were on watch, the same fish tried to jump on 
board with the seas from astern, and twice the big fellow was right 
up on the end of the logs, but each time it flung itself overboard 
again before we could get a grip of the slippery body 

After that a stout bewildered bonito came right on board with a 
sea, and with that, and a tunny caught the day before, we decided 
to fish, to bring order into the sanguinary chaos that surrounded 
us. 

Our diary says: 

— A six-foot shark was hooked first and hauled on board. As 
soon as the hook was out again, it was swallowed by an eight-foot 
shark, and we hauled that on board. When the hook came out 
again, we got a fresh six-foot shark and had hauled it over the 
edge of the raft when it broke loose and dived. The hook went out 
again at once, and an eight-foot shark came on to it and gave us 
a hard tussle. We had its head over the logs when all four steel 
lines were cut through and the shark dived into the depths. New 
hook out, and a seven-foot shark was hauled on board. It was 
now dangerous to stand on the slippery logs aft fishing, because 
the three sharks kept on throwing up their heads and snapping, 
long after one would have thought they were dead. We dragged 
the sharks forward by the tail into a heap on the foredeck, and 
soon afterward a big tunny was hooked and gave us more of a 
fight than any shark before we got it on board. It was so fat and 
heavy that none of us could lift it by the tail. 

The sea was just as full of furious fish backs. Another shark was 




hooked but broke away just when it was being pulled on board. 
But then we got a six-foot shark safely on board. After that a five- 
foot shark, which also came on board. Then we caught yet 
another six-foot shark and hauled it up. When the hook came out 
again, we hauled in a seven-foot shark. 

Wherever we walked on deck, there were big sharks lying in the 
way, beating their tails convulsively on the deck or thrashing 
against the bamboo cabin as they snapped around them. Already 
tired and worn out when we began to fish after the storm, we 
became completely befuddled as to which sharks were quite dead, 
which were still snapping convulsively if we went near them, and 
which were quite alive and were lying in ambush for us with their 
green cat’s eyes. When we had nine big sharks lying round us in 
every direction, we were so weary of hauling on heavy lines and 
fighting with the twisting and snapping giants that we gave up after 
five hours’ toil. 

Next day there were fewer dolphins and tunnies but just as many 
sharks. We began to fish and haul them in again but soon stopped 
when we perceived that all the fresh shark’s blood that ran off the 
raft only attracted still more sharks. We threw all the dead sharks 
overboard and washed the whole deck clean of blood. The 
bamboo mats were torn by shark teeth and rough sharkskin, and 
we threw the bloodiest and most torn of them overboard and 
replaced them with new golden-yellow bamboo mats, several 
layers of which were lashed fast on the foredeck. 

When we turned in on these evenings in our mind’s eye we saw 
greedy, open shark jaws and blood. And the smell of shark meat 
stuck in our nostrils. We could eat shark — it tasted like haddock if 




we got the ammonia out of the pieces by putting them in sea water 
for twenty- four hours — ^but bonito and tunny were infinitely better. 

That evening, for the first time, I heard one of the fellows say 
that it would soon be pleasant to be able to stretch oneself out 
comfortably on the green grass on a palm island; he would be glad 
to see something other than cold fish and rough sea. 

The weather had become quite quiet again, but it was never as 
constant and dependable as before. Incalculable, violent gusts of 
wind from time to time brought with them heavy showers, which 
we were glad to see because a large part of our water supply had 
begun to go bad and tasted like evil- smelling marsh water. When it 
was pouring the hardest, we collected water from the cabin roof 
and stood on deck naked, thoroughly to enjoy the luxury of having 
the salt washed off with fresh water. 

The pilot fish were wriggling along again in their usual places, 
but whether they were the same old ones which had returned after 
the blood bath, or whether they were new followers taken over in 
the heat of the battle, we could not say. 

On July 21 the wind suddenly died away again. It was 
oppressive and absolutely still, and we knew from previous 
experience what this might mean. And, right enough, after a few 
violent gusts from east and west and south, the wind freshened up 
to a breeze from southward, where black, threatening clouds had 
again rushed up over the horizon. Herman was out with his 
anemometer all the time, measuring already fifty feet and more per 
second, when suddenly Torstein’s sleeping bag went overboard. 
And what happened in the next few seconds took a much shorter 




time than it takes to tell it. 

Herman tried to catch the bag as it went, took a rash step, and 
fell overboard. We heard a faint cry for help amid the noise of the 
waves, and saw Herman’s head and a waving arm as well as some 
vague green object twirling about in the water near him. He was 
struggling for life to get back to the raft through the high seas 
which had lifted him out from the port side. Torstein, who was at 
the steering oar aft, and I myself, up in the bow, were the first to 
perceive him, and we went cold with fear. We bellowed “Man 
overboard!” at the top of our lungs as we rushed to the nearest 
life-saving gear. The others had not heard Herman’s cry because of 
the noise of the sea, but in a trice there was life and bustle on deck. 
Herman was an excellent swimmer, and, though we realized at 
once that his life was at stake, we had a fair hope that he would 
manage to crawl back to the edge of the raft before it was too late. 

Torstein, who was nearest, seized the bamboo drum round 
which was the line we used for the lifeboat, for this was within his 
reach. It was the only time on the whole voyage that this line got 
caught up. Herman was now on a level with the stern of the raft 
but a few yards away, and his last hope was to crawl to the blade 
of the steering oar and hang on to it. As he missed the end of the 
logs, he reached out for the oar blade, but it slipped away from 
him. And there he lay, just where experience had shown we could 
get nothing back. While Bengt and I launched the dinghy, Knut and 
Erik threw out the life belt. Carrying a long line, it hung ready for 
use on the corner of the cabin roof, but today the wind was so 
strong that when it was thrown it was simply blown back to the 
raft. After a few unsuccessful throws Herman was already far 




astern of the steering oar, swimming desperately to keep up with 
the raft, while the distance increased with each gust of wind. He 
realized that henceforth the gap would simply go on increasing, but 
he set a faint hope on the dinghy which we had now got into the 
water. Without the line, which acted as a brake, it would perhaps 
be possible to drive the rubber raft to meet the swimming man, but 
whether the rubber raft would ever get back to the Kon-Tiki was 
another matter. Nevertheless, three men in a rubber dinghy had 
some chance; one man in the sea had none. 




Our daily bread. Dolphins followed us throughout the voyage and 
were the best eating imaginable. They bit at once if we used flying 
fish as bait. 




Haugland goes down to inspect the lashings on the rafts bottom. 
The author holds him firmly by the legs. 

Where Haugland went down, a shark was hauled up — an easy 
matter, as the deck was only a foot or two above the surface of the 



water. 






Hesselberg making a diving basket. If we received unwelcome 
attentions when we dived under the raft, we just crouched inside 
the basket and were quickly hauled on board. 





Studying the chart. Hesselberg took observations daily and 
marked our drift on the chart. Not till after three months, when we 
reached the Tuamotu group, did a serious navigation problem 
arise — how were we to land? 

Raaby in the radio corner. Haugland and Raaby had their radio 
station behind a cardboard partition decorated by Danielsson. 
They were in contact with amateurs in many different countries 
and sent regular reports to the U.S. Weather Bureau. 






Then we suddenly saw Knut take off and plunge headfirst into 
the sea. He had the life belt in one hand and was heaving himself 
along. Every time Herman’s head appeared on a wave back Knut 
was gone, and every time Knut came up Herman was not there. 
But then we saw both heads at once; they had swum to meet each 
other and both were hanging on to the life belt. Knut waved his 
arm, and, as the rubber raft had meanwhile been hauled on board, 
all four of us took hold of the line of the life belt and hauled for 
dear life, with our eyes fixed on the great dark object which was 
visible just behind the two men. This same mysterious beast in the 
water was pushing a big greenish-black triangle up above the wave 
crests; it almost gave Knut a shock when he was on his way over 
to Herman. Only Herman knew then that the triangle did not 
belong to a shark or any other sea monster. It was an inflated 
corner of Torstein’s watertight sleeping bag. But the sleeping bag 
did not remain floating for long after we had hauled the two men 
safe and sound on board. Whatever dragged the sleeping bag 
down into the depths had just missed a better prey. 

“Glad I wasn’t in it,” said Torstein and took hold of the steering 
oar where he had let it go. 

But otherwise there were not many wisecracks that evening. We 
all felt a chill running through nerve and bone for a long time 
afterward. But the cold shivers were mingled with a warm 
thankfulness that there were still six of us on board. 

We had a lot of nice things to say to Knut that day — Herman and 
the rest of us, too. 

But there was not much time to think about what had already 




happened, for as the sky grew black over our heads the gusts of 
wind increased in strength, and before night a new storm was 
upon us. We finally got the life belt to hang astern of the raft on a 
long line, so that we had something behind the steering oar toward 
which to swim if one of us should fall overboard again in a squall. 
Then it grew pitch dark around us as night fell and hid the raft and 
the sea. Bouncing wildly up and down in the darkness, we only 
heard and felt the gale howling in masts and guy ropes, while the 
gusts pressed with smashing force against the springy bamboo 
cabin till we thought it would fly overboard. But it was covered 
with canvas and well guyed. And we felt the Kon-Tiki tossing with 
the foaming seas, while the logs moved up and down with the 
movement of the waves like the keys of an instrument. We were 
astonished that cascades of water did not gush up through the wide 
chinks in the floor, but they only acted as a regular bellows 
through which damp air rushed up and down. 

For five whole days the weather varied between full storm and 
light gale; the sea was dug up into wide valleys filled with the 
smoke from foaming gray-blue seas, which seemed to have their 
backs pressed out long and flat under the onset of the wind. Then 
on the fifth day the heavens split to show a glimpse of blue, and 
the malignant, black cloud cover gave place to the ever victorious 
blue sky as the storm passed on. We had come through the gale 
with the steering oar smashed and the sail rent; the centerboards 
hung loose and banged about like crowbars among the logs, 
because all the ropes which had tightened them up under water 
were worn through. But we ourselves and the cargo were 
completely undamaged. 




After the two storms the Kon-Tiki had become a good deal 
weaker in the joints. The strain of working over the steep wave 
backs had stretched all the ropes, and the continuously working 
logs had made the ropes eat into the balsa wood. We thanked 
Providence that we had followed the Incas’ custom and had not 
used wire ropes, which would simply have sawed the whole raft 
into matchwood in the gale. And, if we had used bone-dry, high- 
floating balsa at the start, the raft would long ago have sunk into 
the sea under us, saturated with sea water. It was the sap in the 
fresh logs which served as an impregnation and prevented the 
water from filtering in through the porous balsa wood. 

But now the ropes had become so loose that it was dangerous to 
let one’s foot slip down between two logs, for it could be crushed 
when they came together violently. Forward and aft, where there 
was no bamboo deck, we had to give at the knees when we stood 
with our feet wide apart on two logs at the same time. The logs aft 
were as slippery as banana leaves with wet seaweed, and, even 
though we had made a regular path through the greenery where we 
usually walked and had laid down a broad plank for the steering 
watch to stand on, it was not easy to keep one’s foothold when a 
sea struck the raft. On the port side one of the nine giants bumped 
and banged against the crossbeams with dull, wet thuds both by 
night and by day. There came also new and fearful creakings from 
the ropes which held the two sloping masts together at the 
masthead, for the steps of the masts worked about independently 
of each other, because they rested on two different logs. 

We got the steering oar spliced and lashed with long billets of 
mangrove wood, as hard as iron, and with Erik and Bengt as 




sailmakers Kon-Tiki soon raised his head again and swelled his 
breast in a stiff bulge toward Polynesia, while the steering oar 
danced behind in seas which the fine weather had made soft and 
gentle. But the centerboards never again became quite what they 
had been; they did not meet the pressure of the water with their full 
strength but gave way and hung, dangling loose and unguyed, 
under the raft. It was useless to try to inspect the ropes on the 
underside, for they were completely overgrown with seaweed. On 
taking up the whole bamboo deck we found only three of the main 
ropes broken; they had been lying crooked and pressed against the 
cargo, which had worn them away. It was evident that the logs had 
absorbed a great weight of water but, since the cargo had been 
lightened, this was roughly canceled out. Most of our provisions 
and drinking water were already used up, likewise the radio 
operators’ dry batteries. 

Nevertheless, after the last storm it was clear enough that we 
should both float and hold together for the short distance that 
separated us from the islands ahead. Now quite another problem 
came into the foreground — how would the voyage end? 

The Kon-Tiki would slog on inexorably westward until she ran 
her bow into a solid rock or some other fixed object which would 
stop her drifting. But our voyage would not be ended until all 
hands had landed safe and sound on one of the numerous 
Polynesian islands ahead. 

When we came through the last storm, it was quite uncertain 
where the raft would end up. We were at an equal distance from 
the Marquesas Islands and the Tuamotu group, and in a position 
which meant that we could very easily pass right between the two 




groups of islands without having a glimpse of one of them. The 
nearest island in the Marquesas group lay 300 sea miles northwest, 
and the nearest island in the Tuamotu group lay 300 sea miles 
southwest, while wind and current were uncertain, with their 
general direction westerly and toward the wide ocean gap between 
the two island groups. 

The island which lay nearest to the northwest was no other than 
Fatu Hiva, the little jungle-clad mountainous island where I had 
lived in a hut built on piles on the beach and heard the old man’s 
vivid stories of the ancestral hero Tiki. If the Kon-Tiki stood in to 
that same beach, I should meet many acquaintances, but hardly the 
old man himself. He must have departed long ago, with a fair hope 
of meeting the real Tiki again. If the raft headed in toward the 
mountain ranges of the Marquesas group, I knew the few islands 
in the group were a long way apart and the sea thundered 
unchecked against perpendicular cliffs where we should have to 
keep our eyes open while steering for the mouths of the few 
valleys, which always ended in narrow strips of beach. 

If, on the contrary, she headed down toward the coral reefs of 
the Tuamotu group, there the numerous islands lay close together 
and covered a wide space of sea. But this group of islands is also 
known as the Low or Dangerous Archipelago, because the whole 
formation has been built up entirely by coral polyps and consists 
of treacherous submerged reefs and palm-clad atolls which rise 
only six or ten feet above the surface of the sea. Dangerous ring- 
shaped reefs fling themselves protectingly round every single atoll 
and are a menace to shipping throughout the area. But, even if 
coral polyps built the Tuamotu atolls while the Marquesas Islands 




are remains of extinct volcanoes, both groups are inhabited by the 
same Polynesian race, and the royal families in both regard Tiki as 
their primeval ancestor. 

As early as July 3, when we were still 1,000 sea miles from 
Polynesia, Nature herself was able to tell us, as she was able to tell 
the primitive raftsmen from Peru in their time, that there really was 
land ahead somewhere out in the sea. Until we were a good 
thousand sea miles out from the coast of Peru we had noted small 
flocks of frigate birds. They disappeared at about 100° west, and 
after that we saw only small petrels which have their home on the 
sea. But on July 3 the frigate birds reappeared, at 125° west, and 
from now onward small flocks of frigate birds were often to be 
seen, either high up in the sky or shooting down over the wave 
crests, where they snapped up flying fish which had taken to the 
air to escape from dolphins. As these birds did not come from 
America astern of us, they must have their homes in another 
country ahead. 

On July 16 Nature betrayed herself still more obviously. On that 
day we hauled up a nine-foot shark, which threw up from its 
stomach a large undigested starfish which it had recently brought 
from some coast out here in the ocean. 

And the very next day we had the first definite visitor straight 
from the islands of Polynesia. 

It was a great moment on board when two large boobies were 
spotted above the horizon to westward and soon afterward came 
sailing in over our mast, flying low. With a wingspread of five feet 
they circled round us many times, then folded their wings and 




settled on the sea alongside us. Dolphins rushed to the spot at once 
and wriggled inquisitively round the great swimming birds, but 
neither party touched the other. These were the first living 
messengers that came to bid us welcome to Polynesia. They did 
not go back in the evening but rested on the sea, and after 
midnight we still heard them flying in circles round the mast, 
uttering hoarse cries. 

The flying fish which came on board were now of another and 
much larger species; I recognized them from fishing trips I had 
taken with the natives along the coast of Fatu Hiva. 

For three days and nights we made straight toward Fatu Hiva, 
but then a strong northeast wind came on and sent us down in the 
direction of the Tuamotu atolls. We were now blown out of the 
real South Equatorial Current, and the ocean currents were no 
longer behaving dependably. One day they were there; another day 
they were gone. The currents could run like invisible rivers 
branching out all over the sea. If the current was swift, there was 
usually more swell and the temperature of the water usually fell 
one degree. It showed its direction and strength every day by the 
difference between Erik’s calculated and his measured position. 

On the threshold of Polynesia the wind said “Pass,” having 
handed us over to a weak branch of the current which, to our 
alarm, had its course in the direction of the Antarctic. The wind 
did not become absolutely still — ^we never experienced that 
throughout the voyage — and when it was feeble we hoisted every 
rag we had to collect what little there was. There was not one day 
on which we moved backward toward America, and our smallest 
distance in twenty-four hours was 9 sea miles, while our average 




run for the voyage as a whole was 42 Y 2 sea miles in twenty-four 
hours. 

The trade wind, after all, had not the heart to fail us right in the 
last lap. It reported for duty again and pushed and shoved at the 
ramshackle craft which was preparing her entry into a new and 
strange part of the world. 

With each day that passed, larger flocks of sea birds came and 
circled over us aimlessly in all directions. One evening, when the 
sun was about to sink into the sea, we noticed that the birds had 
received a violent impetus. They were flying away in a westerly 
direction without paying any attention to us or the flying fish 
beneath them. From the masthead we could see that, as they came 
over, they all flew straight on on exactly the same course. Perhaps 
they saw something from up above which we did not see. Perhaps 
they were flying by instinct. In any case they were flying with a 
plan, straight home to the nearest island, their breeding place. 

We twisted the steering oar and set our course exactly in the 
direction in which the birds had disappeared. Even after it was 
dark, we heard the cries of stragglers flying over us against the 
starry sky on exactly the same course as that which we were now 
following. It was a wonderful night; the moon was nearly full for 
the third time in the course of the Kon-Tikis voyage. 

Next day there were still more birds over us, but we did not 
need to wait for them to show us our way again in the evening. 
This time we had detected a curious stationary cloud above the 
horizon. The other clouds were small feathery wisps of wool 
which came up in the south and passed across the vault of the sky 




with the trade wind till they disappeared over the horizon in the 
west. So I had once come to know the drifting trade-wind clouds 
on Fatu Hiva, and so we had seen them over us night and day on 
board the Kon-Tiki. But the lonely cloud on the horizon to the 
southwest did not move; it just rose like a motionless column of 
smoke while the trade-wind clouds drifted by The Polynesians 
knew land lay under such clouds. For, when the tropical sun bakes 
the hot sand, a stream of warm air is created which rises up and 
causes its vapor content to condense up in the colder strata of air. 

We steered on the cloud till it disappeared after sunset. The wind 
was steady, and with the steering oar lashed tight the Kon-Tiki kept 
to her course unaided. The steering watch’s job was now to sit on 
the plank at the masthead, shiny with wear, and keep a lookout for 
anything that indicated land. 

There was a deafening screaming of birds over us all that night. 
And the moon was nearly full. 




7 



TO THE SOUGHSEA ISLANDS 

First Sight of Land — 

We Drift Away from Puka Puka — 

A Festal Day along the Angatau Reef — 

On the Threshold of Paradise — 

The First Natives — 

The Kon-Tiki Gets a New Crew — 

Knut on Shore Leave — A Losing Battle — 

We Drift Out to Sea Again — 

In Dangerous Waters — 

From Takume to Raroia- 

Drifting toward the Witches' Caldron — 

At the Mercy of the Breakers — 

A Shipwreck — 

Cast Ashore on the Coral Reef — 

We Find a Desert Island 



To the South Sea Islands 




ON THE NIGHT BEFORE JULY 30 THERE WAS A NEW and 
strange atmosphere about the Kon-Tiki. Perhaps it was the 
deafening clamor from all the sea birds over us which showed that 
something fresh was brewing. The screaming of birds with many 
voices sounded hectic and earthly after the dead creaking of 
lifeless ropes, which was all we had heard above the noise of the 
sea in the three months we had behind us. And the moon seemed 
larger and rounder than ever as it sailed over the lookout at the 
masthead. In our fancy it reflected palm tops and warm-blooded 
romance; it did not shine with such a yellow light over the cold 
fishes out at sea. 

At six o’clock Bengt came down from the masthead, woke 
Herman, and turned in. When Herman clambered up the creaking, 
swaying mast, the day had begun to break. Ten minutes later he 
was down the rope ladder again and was shaking me by the leg. 

“Come out and have a look at your island!” 

His face was radiant and I jumped up, followed by Bengt who 
had not quite gone to sleep yet. Hard on one another’s heels, we 
huddled together as high as we could climb, at the point where the 
masts crossed. There were many birds around us, and a faint 
violet-blue veil over the sky was reflected in the sea as a last relic 
of the departing night. But over the whole horizon away to the east 
a ruddy glow had begun to spread, and far down to the southeast it 
gradually formed a blood-red background for a faint shadow, like 
a blue pencil line, drawn for a short way along the edge of the sea. 




Land! An island! We devoured it greedily with our eyes and 
woke the others, who tumbled out drowsily and stared in all 
directions as if they thought our bow was about to run on to a 
beach. Screaming sea birds formed a bridge across the sky in the 
direction of the distant island, which stood out sharper against the 
horizon as the red background widened and turned gold with the 
approach of the sun and the full daylight. 

Our first thought was that the island did not lie where it should. 
As the island could not have drifted, the raft must have been 
caught up in a northward current in the course of the night. We 
had only to cast one glance over the sea to perceive at once, from 
the direction of the waves, that we had lost our chance in the 
darkness. Where we now lay, the wind no longer allowed us to 
press the raft on a course toward the island. The region round the 
Tuamotu Archipelago was full of strong, local ocean currents 
which twisted in all directions as they ran up against land; many of 
them varied in direction as they met powerful tidal currents 
flowing in and out over reefs and lagoons. 

We laid the steering oar over, but we knew quite well that it was 
useless. At half-past six the sun rose out of the sea and climbed 
straight up as it does in the tropics. The island lay some few sea 
miles away and had the appearance of a quite low strip of forest 
creeping along the horizon. The trees were crowded close together 
behind a narrow light-colored beach, which lay so low that it was 
hidden behind the seas at regular intervals. According to Erik’s 
positions this island was Puka Puka, the first outpost of the 
Tuamotu group. Sailing Directions for Pacific Islands — 1940, our 
two different charts, and Erik’s observations gave, in all, four quite 




different positions for this island, but as there were no other 
islands in all that neighborhood there could be no doubt that the 
island we saw was Puka Puka. 

No extravagant outbursts were to be heard on board. After the 
sail had been trimmed and the oar laid over, we all formed a silent 
group at the masthead or stood on deck staring toward the land 
which had suddenly cropped up out in the middle of the endless, 
all-dominating sea. At last we had a visible proof that we had 
really been moving in all these months; we had not just been lying 
tumbling about in the center of the same eternal circular horizon. 
To us it seemed as if the island were mobile and had suddenly 
entered the circle of blue and empty sea in the center of which we 
had our permanent abode; as if the island were drifting slowly 
across our own domain, heading for the eastern horizon. We were 
all filled with a warm, quiet satisfaction at having actually reached 
Polynesia, mingled with a faint momentary disappointment at 
having to submit helplessly to seeing the island lie there like a 
mirage while we continued our eternal drift across the sea 
westward. 

Just after sunrise a thick black column of smoke rose above the 
treetops to the left of the middle of the island. We followed it with 
our eyes and thought to ourselves that the natives were rising and 
getting their breakfast. We had no idea then that native lookout 
posts had seen us and were sending up smoke signals to invite us 
to land. About seven o’clock we scented a faint breath of burned 
borao wood which tickled our salted nostrils. It awoke in me at 
once slumbering memories of the fire on the beach on Fatu Hiva. 
Half an hour later we caught the smell of newly cut wood and of 




forest. The island had now begun to shrink and lay astern of us so 
that we received flickering wafts of breeze from it. For a quarter of 
an hour Herman and I clung to the masthead and let the warm 
smell of leaves and greenery filter in through our nostrils. This was 
Polynesia — a beautiful, rich smell of dry land after ninety-three 
salty days down among the waves. Bengt already lay snoring in his 
sleeping bag again. Erik and Torstein lay on their backs in the 
cabin meditating, and Knut ran in and out and sniffed the smell of 
leaves and wrote in his diary. 

At half-past eight Puka Puka sank into the sea astern of us, but 
right on till eleven o’clock we could see, on climbing to the 
masthead, that there was a faint blue streak above the horizon in 
the east. Then that too was gone, and a high cumulo-nimbus cloud, 
rising motionless skyward, was all that showed where Puka Puka 
lay. The birds disappeared. They kept by preference to windward 
of the islands so that they had the wind with them when they 
returned home in the evening with full bellies. The dolphins also 
had become noticeably scarcer, and there were again only a few 
pilot fish under the raft. 

That night Bengt said he longed for a table and chair, for it was 
so tiring to lie and turn from back to stomach while reading. 
Otherwise he was glad we had missed our landing, for he still had 
three books to read. Torstein suddenly had a desire for an apple, 
and I myself woke up in the night because I definitely smelled a 
delicious odor of steak and onions. But it turned out to be only a 
dirty shirt. 

The very next morning we detected two new clouds rising up 
like the steam from two locomotives below the horizon. The map 




was able to tell us that the names of the eoral islands they came 
from were Fangahina and Angatau. The cloud over Angatau lay 
the most favorably for us as the wind was blowing, so we set our 
course for that, lashed the oar fast, and enjoyed the wonderful 
peace and freedom of the Pacific. So lovely was life on this fine 
day on the bamboo deck of the Kon-Tiki that we drank in all the 
impressions in the certainty that the journey would soon be over 
now, whatever might await us. 

For three days and nights we steered on the cloud over Angatau 
; the weather was brilliant, the oar alone held us on our course, and 
the current played us no tricks. On the fourth morning Torstein 
relieved Herman after the 4 — 6 watch and was told that Herman 
thought he had seen the outlines of a low island in the moonlight. 
When the sun rose just afterward, Torstein stuck his head in at the 
cabin door and shouted: “Land ahead!” 

We all plunged out on deck, and what we saw made us hoist all 
our flags. First the Norwegian aft, then the French at the masthead 
because we were heading for a French colony. Soon the raft’s 
entire collection of flags was fluttering in the fresh trade wind — the 
American, British, Peruvian, and Swedish flags besides the flag of 
the Explorers Club — so there was no doubt on board that now the 
Kon-Tiki was dressed. The island was ideally placed this time, right 
in our own course and a little farther away from us than Puka 
Puka had been when it cropped up at sunrise four days before. As 
the sun rose straight up over the sky astern of us, we could see a 
clear green glimmer high up toward the misty sky over the island. 
It was the reflection of the still, green lagoon on the inside of the 
surrounding reef. Some of the low atolls throw up mirages of this 




kind for many thousand feet into the air, so that they show their 
position to primitive seafarers many days before the island itself is 
visible above the horizon. 

About ten o’clock we took charge of the steering oar ourselves; 
we must now decide toward which part of the island we should 
steer. We could already distinguish individual treetops from the 
others and could see rows of tree trunks shining in the sun, which 
stood out against the background of dense shadowy foliage. 

We knew that somewhere between us and the island there was a 
dangerous submerged shoal, lying in ambush for anything that 
approached the innocent island. This reef lay right under the deep, 
free roll of the swell from the east, and, as the huge masses of 
water lost their balance above the shoal, they wavered skyward 
and plunged down, thundering and foaming, over the sharp coral 
reef. Many vessels have been caught in the terrible suction against 
the submerged reefs in the Tuamotu group and have been smashed 
to pieces against the coral. 

From the sea we saw nothing of this insidious trap. We sailed in, 
following the direction of the waves, and saw only the curved 
shining back of sea after sea disappearing toward the island. Both 
the reef and the whole frothing witches’ dance over it were hidden 
behind rising rows of broad wave backs ahead of us. But along 
both ends of the island where we saw the beach in profile, both 
north and south, we saw that a few hundred yards from land the 
sea was one white boiling mass flinging itself high into the air. 

We laid our course so as to graze the outside of the witches’ 
kitchen off the southern point of the island, hoping, when we got 




there, to be able to steer along the atoll till we came round the 
point on the lee side or till we touched, before we drifted past, a 
place where it was so shallow that we could stop our drift with a 
makeshift anchor and wait till the wind changed and placed us 
under the lee of the island. 

The first birds from Polynesia which welcomed us. We followed the 
same course as they when they flew home at evening. 





Land in sight! After 93 days we sighted land for the first time. It 
was the island Puka Puka. But the wind and current took us out to 



sea again. 




Kon-Tiki approaching land. The tricolor was hoisted as we 
steered toward the French island Angatau. We had reached 
Polynesia. 

The first natives coming out. Toward evening several canoes 
appeared with natives eager to help us ashore. But the raft drifted 
out to sea again, and finally Angatau disappeared astern. 




A reef with a witches' caldron of seething breakers barred the 
approach to the island Raroia. The raft was heavily pounded and 
finally flung up by the waves on to the coral reef surrounding the 
island. 




The wreck was washed higher up on to the reef every day. The 
Raroia reef— 25 miles long — is (like all the other islands in the 
Tuamotu group) the work of industrious little coral polyps. 



Salvage work. Danielsson — safe and sound, but his head still 
aching from a blow from the mast — dragging his mattress out oj 
the wreckage. The most important cargo has already been 
salvaged. 





Chaos. After the stranding the raft was hardly recognizable. The 






masts were broken, the cabin crushed, the bamboo deck twisted up 
to form a barricade, and our belongings strewn all over the 
place. 

About noon we could see through the glass that the vegetation 
on shore consisted of young green coconut palms, which stood 
with their tops close together over a waving hedge of luxuriant 
undergrowth in the foreground. On the beach in front of them a 
number of large coral blocks lay strewn about on the bright sand. 
Otherwise there was no sign of life, apart from white birds sailing 
over the pahn tufts. 

At two o’clock we had come so close that we began to sail along 
the island, just outside the baffling reef. As we gradually 
approached, we heard the roar of the breakers like a steady 
waterfall against the reef, and soon they sounded like an endless 
express train running parallel with us a few hundred yards from 
our starboard side. Now, too, we could see the white spray which 
was occasionally flung high into the air behind the curly, breaking 
wave backs just in there where the “train” was roaring along. 

Two men at the same time stood turning the steering oar; they 
were behind the bamboo cabin and so had no view ahead 
whatever. Erik, as navigator, stood on the top of the kitchen box 
and gave directions to the two men at the heavy oar. Our plan was 
to keep as close in to the dangerous reef as was safe. We kept a 
continuous lookout from the masthead for a gap or opening in the 
reef where we could try to slip the raft through. The current was 
now driving us along the whole length of the reef and played us no 
tricks. The loose centerboards allowed us to steer at an angle of 




about 20° to the wind on both sides, and the wind was blowing 
along the reef. 

While Erik directed our zigzag course and took his loops as near 
the reef as was advisable in view of the suction, Herman and I 
went out in the rubber dinghy at the end of a rope. When the raft 
was on the inward tack, we swung after her on the rope and came 
so close to the thundering reef that we caught a glimpse of the 
glass-green wall of water that was rolling away from us and saw 
how, when the seas sucked themselves back, the naked reef 
exposed itself, resembling a torn-up barricade of rusty iron ore. As 
far as we could see along the coast there was no gap or passage. So 
Erik trimmed the sail by tightening the port and loosening the 
starboard sheets, and the helmsman followed with the steering oar, 
so that the Kon-Tiki turned her nose out again and tumbled away 
from the danger zone till her next drive inward. 

Each time the Kon-Tiki stood in toward the reef and swung out 
again, we two who were in tow in the dinghy sat with our hearts in 
our mouths, for each time we came so close in that we felt the beat 
of the seas becoming nervous as it rose higher and fiercer. And 
each time we were convinced that this time Erik had gone too far, 
that this time there was no hope of getting the Kon-Tiki out again 
clear of the breakers which drew us in toward the devilish red reef. 
But each time Erik got clear with a smart maneuver, and the Kon- 
Tiki ran safely out into the open sea again, well out of the clutch of 
the suction. All the time we were gliding along the island, so close 
that we saw every detail on shore; yet the heavenly beauty there 
was inaccessible to us because of the frothing moat that lay 
between. 




About three o’clock the forest of palms ashore opened, and 
through a wide gap we saw right into a blue glassy lagoon. But the 
surrounding reef lay as compact as ever, gnashing its blood-red 
teeth ominously in the foam. There was no passage, and the palm 
forest closed again as we plodded on along the island with the 
wind at our backs. Later the palm forest became thinner and 
thinner and gave us a view into the interior of the coral island. 
This consisted of the fairest, brightest salt-water lagoon, like a 
great silent tarn, surrounded by swaying coconut pahns and 
shining bathing beaches. The seductive, green palm island itself 
formed a broad, soft ring of sand round the hospitable lagoon, and 
a second ring ran round the whole island — the rust-red sword 
which defended the gates of heaven. 

All day we zigzagged along Angatau and had its beauty at close 
quarters, just outside the cabin door. The sun beat down on all the 
palms, and all was Paradise and joy on the island within. As our 
maneuvers gradually became a matter of routine, Erik got out his 
guitar and stood on deck in a huge Peruvian sun hat playing and 
singing sentimental South Sea songs, while Bengt served an 
excellent dinner on the edge of the raft. We opened an old coconut 
from Peru and drank to the young fresh nuts which hung on the 
trees inside. The whole atmosphere — the peace over the bright, 
green palm forest which stood deep-rooted and beckoned toward 
us, the peace over the white birds that sailed round the palm tops, 
the peace over the glassy lagoon and the soft sand beach, and the 
viciousness of the red reef, the cannonading and roll of drums in 
the air — all made an overwhelming impression on the six of us 
who had come in from the sea. An impression which can never be 




effaced from our memories. There was no doubt that now we had 
reached the other side; we should never see a more genuine South 
Sea island. Landing or no landing, we had nonetheless reached 
Polynesia; the expanse of sea lay behind us for all time. 

It happened that this festal day off Angatau was the ninety- 
seventh day on board. Strangely enough, it was ninety-seven days 
that we had estimated in New York as the absolute minimum time 
in which, in theoretically ideal conditions, we could reach the 
nearest islands of Polynesia. 

About five o’clock we passed two palm-roofed huts which lay 
among the trees on shore. There was no smoke and no sign of life. 

At half-past five we stood in toward the reef again; we had 
sailed along the whole south coast and were getting near the west 
end of the island, and must have a last look round in the hope of 
finding a passage before we passed. The sun now stood so low 
that it blinded us when we looked ahead, but we saw a little 
rainbow in the air where the sea broke against the reef a few 
hundred yards beyond the last point of the island. This now lay as 
a silhouette ahead of us. On the beach inside we detected a cluster 
of motionless black spots. Suddenly one of them moved slowly 
down toward the water, while several of the others made off at full 
speed up to the edge of the woods. They were people! We steered 
along the reef as close in as we dared; the wind had died down so 
that we felt we were within an inch of getting under the lee of the 
island. Now we saw a canoe being launched, and two individuals 
jumped on board and paddled off on the other side of the reef. 
Farther down they turned the boat’s head out, and we saw the 
canoe lifted high in the air by the seas as it shot through a passage 




in the reef and came straight out toward us. 

The opening in the reef, then, was down there; there was our 
only hope. Now, too, we could see the whole village lying in 
among the palm trunks. But the shadows were already growing 
long. 

The two men in the canoe waved. We waved back eagerly, and 
they increased their speed. It was a Polynesian outrigger canoe; 
two brown figures in singlets sat paddling, facing ahead. Now 
there would be fresh language difficulties. I alone of those on 
board remembered a few words of Marquesan from my stay on 
Fatu Hiva, but Polynesian is a difficult language to keep up, for 
lack of practice in our northern countries. 

We felt some relief, therefore, when the canoe bumped against 
the raft’s side and the two men leaped on board, for one of them 
grinned all over his face and held out a brown hand, exclaiming in 
English: 

“Good night!” 

“Good night,” I replied in astonishment. “Do you speak 
English?” 

The man grinned again and nodded. 

“Good night,” he said. “Good night.” 

This was his entire vocabulary in foreign languages, and thereby 
he scored heavily over his more modest friend, who just stood in 
the background and grinned, much impressed, at his experienced 
comrade. 




“Angatau?” I asked, pointing toward the island. 

“H’angatau,” the man nodded affirmatively. 

Erik nodded proudly. He had been right; we were where the sun 
had told him that we were. 

“Maimai hee iuta, ” I tried. 

According to my knowledge acquired on Fatu Phva this should 
mean approximately, “Want to go to land.” 

They both pointed toward the invisible passage in the reef, and 
we laid the oar over and decided to take our chance. 

At that moment fresher gusts of wind came from the interior of 
the island. A small rain cloud lay over the lagoon. The wind 
threatened to force us away from the reef, and we saw that the 
Kon-Tiki was not answering the steering oar at a wide enough 
angle to be able to reach the mouth of the opening in the reef. We 
tried to find bottom, but the anchor rope was not long enough. 
Now we had to have resort to the paddles, and pretty quickly, too, 
before the wind got a fair hold of us. We hauled down the sail at 
top speed and each of us got out his big paddle. 

I wanted to give an extra paddle to each of the two natives, who 
stood enjoying the cigarettes they had been given on board. They 
only shook their heads vigorously, pointed out the course, and 
looked confused. I made signs that we must all paddle and 
repeated the words, “Want to go to land!” Then the most advanced 
of the two bent down, made a cranking motion in the air with his 
right hand, and said: 




''Brrrrrrrrr-l” 

There was no doubt whatever that he wanted us to start the 
engine. They thought they were standing on the deck of a 
curiously deep loaded boat. We took them aft and made them feel 
under the logs to show them that we had no propeller or screw. 
They were dumbfounded and, putting out their cigarettes, flung 
themselves down on the side of the raft where we sat four men on 
each outside log, dipping our paddles into the water. At the same 
time the sun sank straight into the sea behind the point, and the 
gusts of wind from the interior of the island freshened. It did not 
look as if we were moving an inch. The natives looked frightened, 
jumped back into the canoe, and disappeared. It grew dark, and we 
were alone once more, paddling desperately so as not to drift out 
to sea again. 

As darkness fell over the island, four canoes came dancing out 
from behind the reef, and soon there was a crowd of Polynesians 
on board, all wanting to shake hands and get cigarettes. With these 
fellows on board, who had local knowledge, there was no danger. 
They would not let us go out to sea again and out of sight, so we 
should be ashore that evening! 

We quickly had ropes made fast from the sterns of all the canoes 
to the bow of the Kon-Tiki, and the four sturdy outrigger canoes 
spread out in fan formation, like a dog team, ahead of the wooden 
raft. Knut jumped into the dinghy and found a place as draft dog in 
among the canoes, and we others, with paddles, posted ourselves 
on the two outside logs of the Kon-Tiki. And so began, for the first 
time, a struggle against the east wind which had been at our back 
for so long. 




It was now pitch dark until the moon rose, and there was a fresh 
wind. On land the inhabitants of the village had collected 
brushwood and lighted a big fire to show us the direetion of the 
passage through the reef. The thundering from the reef surrounded 
us in the darkness like a ceaselessly roaring waterfall, and at first 
the noise grew louder and louder. 

We eould not see the team that was pulling us in the canoes 
ahead, but we heard them singing exhilarating war songs in 
Polynesian at the top of their lungs. We could hear that Knut was 
with them, for every time the Polynesian music died away we 
heard Knut’s solitary voiee singing Norwegian folk songs in the 
midst of the Polynesians’ chorus. To complete the chaos we on 
board the raft chimed in with ‘Tom Brown’s baby had a pimple on 
his nose,” and both white and brown men heaved at their paddles 
with laughter and song. 

We were overflowing with high spirits. Ninety-seven days. 
Arrived in Polynesia. There would be a feast in the village that 
evening. The natives cheered and bellowed and shouted. There 
was a landing on Angatau only once a year, when the copra 
schooner came from Tahiti to fetch coconut kernels. So there 
would indeed be a feast round the fire on land that evening. 

But the angry wind blew stubbornly. We toiled till every limb 
ached. We held our ground, but the fire did not come any nearer 
and the thunder from the reef was just the same as before. 
Gradually the singing died away. All grew still. It was all and more 
the men could do to row. The fire did not move; it only danced up 
and down as we fell and rose with the seas. Three hours passed, 
and it was now nine o’clock. Gradually we began to lose ground. 




We were tired. 



We made the natives understand that we needed more help from 
land. They explained to us that there were plenty of people ashore, 
but they had only these four seagoing canoes in the whole island. 

Then Knut appeared out of the darkness with the dinghy. He had 
an idea; he could row in in the rubber dinghy and fetch more 
natives. Five or six men could sit crowded together in the dinghy 
at a pinch. 

This was too risky. Knut had no local knowledge; he would 
never be able to feel his way forward to the opening in the coral 
reef in that pitch-black darkness. He then proposed to take with 
him the leader of the natives, who could show him the way. I did 
not think this plan a safe one, either, for the native had no 
experience in maneuvering a clumsy rubber dinghy through the 
narrow and dangerous passage. But I asked Knut to fetch the 
leader, who was sitting paddling in the darkness ahead of us, so 
that we might hear what he thought of the situation. It was clear 
enough that we were no longer able to prevent ourselves from 
drifting astern. 

Knut disappeared into the darkness to find the leader. When 
some time had passed and Knut had not returned with the leader, 
we shouted for them but received no answer except from a 
cackling chorus of Polynesians ahead. Knut had vanished into the 
darkness. At that moment we understood what had happened. In 
all the bustle, noise, and turmoil Knut had misunderstood his 
instructions and rowed shoreward with the leader. All our shouting 
was useless, for where Knut now was all other sounds were 




drowned by the thunder all along the barrier. 

We quickly got hold of a Morse lamp, and a man climbed up to 
the masthead and signaled, “Come back. Come back.” 

But no one came back. 

With two men away and one continuously signaling at the 
masthead our drift astern increased, and the rest of us had begun to 
grow really tired. We threw marks overboard and saw that we were 
moving slowly but surely the wrong way. The fire grew smaller 
and the noise from the breakers less. And the farther we emerged 
from under the lee of the pahn forest, the firmer hold of us the 
eternal east wind took. We felt it again now; it was almost as it had 
been out at sea. We gradually realized that all hope had gone — ^we 
were drifting out to sea. But we must not slacken our paddling. We 
must put the brake on the drift astern with all our might till Knut 
was safe on board again. 

Five minutes went. Ten minutes. Half an hour. The fire grew 
smaller; now and then it disappeared altogether when we ourselves 
slid down into the trough of the sea. The breakers became a distant 
murmur. Now the moon rose; we could just see the glimmer of its 
disk behind the palm tops on land, but the sky seemed misty and 
half clouded over. We heard the natives beginning to murmur and 
exchange words. Suddenly we noticed that one of the canoes had 
cast off its rope into the sea and disappeared. The men in the other 
three canoes were tired and frightened and were no longer pulling 
their full weight. The Kon-Tiki went on drifting out over the open 
sea. 

Soon the three remaining ropes slackened and the three canoes 




bumped against the side of the raft. One of the natives came on 
board and said quietly with a jerk of his head: 

“luta (To land).” 

He looked anxiously at the fire, which now disappeared for long 
periods at a time and only flashed out now and again like a spark. 
We were drifting fast. The breakers were silent; only the sea roared 
as it used to, and all the ropes on board the Kon-Tiki creaked and 
groaned. 

We plied the natives with cigarettes, and I hurriedly scrawled a 
note which they were to take with them and give to Knut if they 
found him. It ran: 

“Take two natives with you in a canoe with the dinghy in tow. 
Do NOT come back in the dinghy alone.” 

We counted on the helpful islanders being willing to take Knut 
with them in a canoe, assuming they thought it advisable to put to 
sea at all; if they did not think it advisable, it would be madness for 
Knut to venture out on to the ocean in the dinghy in the hope of 
overtaking the runaway raft. 

The natives took the scrap of paper, jumped into the canoes, and 
disappeared into the night. The last we heard was the shrill voice 
of our first friend out in the darkness calling politely: 

“Good night!” 

There was a murmur of appreciation from the less accomplished 
linguists, and then all was as silent, as free from sounds from 
without, as when we were 2,000 sea miles from the nearest land. 




It was useless for us four to do anything more with the paddles 
out here in the open sea, under the full pressure of the wind, but 
we continued the light signals from the masthead. We dared not 
send “Come back” any longer; we now sent out only regular 
flashes. It was pitch dark. The moon appeared only through 
occasional rifts in the bank of clouds. It must have been Angatau’s 
cumulo-nimbus cloud which was hanging over us. 

At ten o’clock we gave up the last faint hope of seeing Knut 
again. We sat down in silence on the edge of the raft and munched 
a few biscuits, while we took turns flashing signals from the 
masthead, which seemed just a naked projection without the broad 
Kon-Tiki sail. 

We decided to keep the lamp -signaling going all night, so long 
as we did not know where Knut was. We refused to believe that he 
had been caught by the breakers. Knut always landed on his feet, 
whether it was heavy water or breakers; he was alive all right. Only 
it was so damnable to have him stuck down among Polynesians on 
an out-of-the-way island in the Pacific. An accursed business! 
After all that long voyage all we could do was to nip in and land a 
man on a remote South Sea island and sail off again. No sooner 
had the first Polynesians come smiling on board than they had to 
clear out headlong to escape being themselves caught up in the 
Kon-Tiki s wild, incontinent rush westward. It was the devil of a 
situation. And the ropes were creaking horribly that night. Not one 
of us showed a sign of wanting to sleep. 

It was half-past ten. Bengt was coming down to be relieved at 
the swaying masthead. Then we all started. We had heard voices 
clearly, out on the sea in the darkness. There it was again. It was 




Polynesians talking. We shouted into the black night with all the 
strength of our lungs. They shouted back, and — there was Knut’s 
voice among the rest! We were mad with excitement. Our tiredness 
had gone; the whole thundercloud had lifted. What did it matter if 
we drifted away from Angatau ? There were other islands in the 
sea. Now the nine balsa logs, so fond of travel, could drift where 
they liked, so long as all six of us were assembled on board again. 

Three outrigger canoes emerged from the darkness, riding over 
the swell, and Knut was the first man to jump across to the dear 
old Kon-Tiki, followed by six brown men. There was little time for 
explanations; the natives must have presents and be off on their 
adventurous journey back to the island. Without seeing light or 
land, and with hardly any stars, they had to find their course by 
paddling against wind and sea till they saw the light from the fire. 
We rewarded them amply with provisions, cigarettes, and other 
gifts, and each of them shook us heartily by the hand in a last 
farewell. 

They were clearly anxious on our account; they pointed 
westward, indicating that we were heading toward dangerous 
reefs. The leader had tears in his eyes and kissed me tenderly on 
the chin, which made me thank Providence for my beard. Then 
they crept into the canoes, and we six comrades were left on the 
raft, together and alone. 

We left the raft to her own devices and listened to Knut’s story. 

Knut had in good faith made for land in the dinghy with the 
native leader on board. The native himself was sitting at the little 
oars and rowing toward the opening in the reef, when Knut to his 




surprise saw the light signals from the Kon-Tiki asking him to 
come back. He made signs to the rower to turn, but the native 
refused to obey. Then Knut took hold of the oars himself, but the 
native tore his hands away, and with the reef thundering round 
them it was no use starting a fight. They had bounded right in 
through the opening in the reef and gone on inside it, until they 
were lifted right up on to a solid coral block on the island itself. A 
crowd of natives caught hold of the dinghy and dragged it high up 
on the shore, and Knut stood alone under the palm trees 
surrounded by a huge crowd of natives chattering away in an 
unknown lingo. Brown, barelegged men, women, and children of 
all ages flocked round him and felt the material of his shirt and 
trousers. They themselves wore ragged old European clothes, but 
there were no white men on the island. 

Knut got hold of some of the smartest fellows and made signs to 
them that they should go out in the dinghy with him. Then a big fat 
man came waddling up who Knut presumed must be the chief, for 
he had an old uniform cap on his head and talked in a loud, 
authoritative voice. All made way for him. Knut explained both in 
Norwegian and in English that he needed men and must get back 
to the raft before we others drifted away. The chief beamed and 
understood nothing, and Knut, despite his most vehement protests, 
was pushed over to the village by the whole shouting crowd. 
There he was received by dogs and pigs and pretty South Sea girls 
who came along carrying fresh fruit. It was clear that the natives 
were prepared to make Knut’s stay as agreeable as possible, but 
Knut was not to be enticed; he thought sadly of the raft which was 
vanishing westward. The natives’ intention was obvious. They 




badly wanted our company, and they knew that there were a lot of 
good things on board white men’s ships. If they could keep Knut 
ashore, the rest of us and the queer boat would certainly come in 
also. No vessel would leave a white man behind on such an out- 
of-the-way island as Angatau. 

After more curious experiences Knut got away and hurried 
down to the dinghy, surrounded by admirers of both sexes. His 
international speech and gesticulations could no longer be 
misunderstood; they realized that he must and would return to the 
odd craft out in the night, which was in such a hurry that she had 
to go on at once. 

Then the natives tried a trick; they indicated by signs that the rest 
of us were coming ashore on the other side of the point. Knut was 
puzzled for a few minutes, but then loud voices were heard down 
on the beach, where women and children were tending the 
flickering fire. The three canoes had come back, and the men 
brought Knut the note. He was in a desperate situation. Here were 
instructions not to row out on the sea alone, and all the natives 
absolutely refused to go with him. 

There followed a high-pitched, noisy argument among all the 
natives. Those who had been out and seen the raft understood 
perfectly well that it was of little use to keep Knut back in the hope 
of getting the rest of us ashore. The end of it was that Knut’s 
promises and threats in international accents induced the crews of 
three canoes to accompany him out to sea in pursuit of the Kon- 
Tiki. They put out to sea in the tropical night with the dinghy 
dancing along in tow, while the natives stood motionless by the 
dying fire and watched their new blond friend disappear as quickly 




as he had come. 

Knut and his companions could see the faint light signals from 
the raft far out to sea when the swell lifted the canoes. The long, 
slim Polynesian canoes, stiffened by pointed side floats, cut 
through the water like knives, but it seemed an eternity to Knut 
before he felt the thick round logs of the Kon-Tiki under his feet 
again. 

“Have a good time ashore?” Torstein asked enviously. 

“Oho, you just should have seen the hula girls!” Knut teased 
him. 

We left the sail down and the oar inboard, and all six of us crept 
into the bamboo cabin and slept like boulders on the beach at 
Angatau. 

For three days we drifted across the sea without a sight of land. 

We were drifting straight toward the ominous Takume and 
Raroia reefs, which together blocked up forty to fifty miles of the 
sea ahead of us. We made desperate efforts to steer clear, to the 
north of these dangerous reefs, and things seemed to be going well 
till one night the watch came hurrying in and called us all out. 

The wind had changed. We were heading straight for the 
Takume reef. It had begun to rain, and there was no visibility at all. 
The reef could not be far off. 

In the middle of night we held a council of war. It was a 
question of saving our lives now. To get past on the north side was 
now hopeless; we must try to get through on the south side instead. 




We trimmed the sail, laid the oar over, and began a dangerous 
piece of sailing with the uncertain north wind behind us. If the east 
wind came back before we had passed the whole fa9ade of the 
fifty-mile-long reefs, we should be hurled in among the breakers, 
at their mercy. 

We agreed on all that should be done if shipwreck was 
imminent. We would stay on board the Kon-Tiki at all costs. We 
would not climb up the mast, from which we should be shaken 
down like rotten fruit, but would cling tight to the stays of the mast 
when the seas poured over us. We laid the rubber raft loose on the 
deck and made fast to it a small watertight radio transmitter, a 
small quantity of provisions, waterbottles, and medical stores. This 
would be washed ashore independently of us if we ourselves 
should get over the reef safe but empty-handed. In the stern of the 
Kon-Tiki we made fast a long rope with a float which also would 
be washed ashore, so that we could try to pull in the raft if she 
were stranded out on the reef. And so we crept into bed and left 
the watch to the helmsman out in the rain. 

As long as the north wind held, we glided slowly but surely 
down along the fa9ade of the coral reefs which lay in ambush 
below the horizon. But then one afternoon the wind died away, 
and when it returned it had gone round into the east. According to 
Erik’s position we were already so far down that we now had 
some hope of steering clear of the southernmost point of the 
Raroia reef. We would try to get round it and into shelter before 
going on to other reefs beyond it. 

When night came, we had been a hundred days at sea. 




Late in the night I woke, feeling restless and uneasy. There was 
something unusual in the movement of the waves. The Kon-Tikis 
motion was a little different from what it usually was in such 
conditions. We had become sensitive to changes in the rhythm of 
the logs. I thought at once of suction from a coast, which was 
drawing near, and was continually out on deck and up the mast. 
Nothing but sea was visible. But I could get no quiet sleep. Time 
passed. 

At dawn, just before six, Torstein came hurrying down from the 
masthead. He could see a whole line of small palm-clad islands far 
ahead. Before doing anything else we laid the oar over to 
southward as far as we could. What Torstein had seen must be the 
small coral islands which lay strewn like pearls on a string behind 
the Raroia reef. A northward current must have caught us. 

At half-past seven palm-clad islets had appeared in a row all 
along the horizon to westward. The southernmost lay roughly 
ahead of our bow, and thence there were islands and clumps of 
palms all along the horizon on our starboard side till they 
disappeared as dots away to northward. The nearest were four or 
five sea miles away. 

A survey from the masthead showed that, even if our bow 
pointed toward the bottom island in the chain, our drift sideways 
was so great that we were not advancing in the direction in which 
our bow pointed. We were drifting diagonally right in toward the 
reef. With fixed centerboards we should still have had some hope 
of steering clear. But sharks were following close astern, so that it 
was impossible to dive under the raft and tighten up the loose 
centerboards with fresh guy ropes. 




We saw that we had now only a few hours more on board the 
Kon-Tiki. They must be used in preparation for our inevitable 
wreck on the coral reef. Every man learned what he had to do 
when the moment came; each one of us knew where his own 
limited sphere of responsibility lay, so that we should not fly round 
treading on one another’s toes when the time came and seconds 
counted. The Kon-Tiki pitched up and down, up and down, as the 
wind forced us in. There was no doubt that here was the turmoil of 
waves created by the reef — some waves advancing while others 
were hurled back after beating vainly against the surrounding wall. 

We were still under full sail in the hope of even now being able 
to steer clear. As we gradually drifted nearer, half sideways, we 
saw from the mast how the whole string of pahn-clad isles was 
connected with a coral reef, part above and part under water, 
which lay like a mole where the sea was white with foam and 
leaped high into the air. The Raroia atoll is oval in shape and has a 
diameter of twenty-five miles, not counting the adjoining reefs of 
Takume. The whole of its longer side faces the sea to eastward, 
where we came pitching in. The reef itself, which runs in one line 
from horizon to horizon, is only a few hundred yards clear, and 
behind it idyllic islets lie in a string round the still lagoon inside. 

It was with mixed feelings that we saw the blue Pacific being 
ruthlessly torn up and hurled into the air all along the horizon 
ahead of us. I knew what awaited us; I had visited the Tuamotu 
group before and had stood safe on land looking out over the 
immense spectacle in the east, where the surf from the open Pacific 
broke in over the reef. New reefs and islands kept on gradually 
appearing to southward. We must be lying off the middle of the 




fa9ade of the coral wall. 

On board the Kon-Tiki all preparations for the end of the voyage 
were being made. Everything of value was carried into the cabin 
and lashed fast. Documents and papers were packed into 
watertight bags, along with films and other things which would not 
stand a dip in the sea. The whole bamboo cabin was covered with 
canvas, and especially strong ropes were lashed across it. When we 
saw that all hope was gone, we opened up the bamboo deck and 
cut off with machete knives all the ropes which held the 
centerboards down. It was a hard job to get the centerboards 
drawn up, because they were all thickly covered with stout 
barnacles. With the centerboards up the draught of our vessel was 
no deeper than to the bottom of the timber logs, and we would 
therefore be more easily washed in over the reef. With no 
centerboards and with the sail down, the raft lay completely 
sideways on and was entirely at the mercy of wind and sea. 

We tied the longest rope we had to the homemade anchor and 
made it fast to the step of the port mast, so that the Kon-Tiki would 
go into the surf stern first when the anchor was thrown overboard. 
The anchor itself consisted of empty water cans filled with used 
radio batteries and heavy scrap, and solid mangrove- wood sticks 
projected from it, set crosswise. 

Order number one, which came first and last, was: Hold on to 
the raft! Whatever happened, we must hang on tight on board and 
let the nine great logs take the pressure from the reef. We ourselves 
had more than enough to do to withstand the weight of the water. 
If we jumped overboard, we should become helpless victims of 
the suction which would fling us in and out over the sharp corals. 




The rubber raft would capsize in the steep seas or, heavily loaded 
with us in it, it would be torn to ribbons against the reef. But the 
wooden logs would sooner or later be cast ashore, and we with 
them, if we only managed to hold fast. 

Next, all hands were told to put on their shoes for the first time 
in a hundred days and to have their life belts ready. The last 
precaution, however, was not of much value, for if a man fell 
overboard he would be battered to death, not drowned. We had 
time, too, to put our passports and such few dollars as we had left 
into our pockets. But it was not lack of time that was troubling us. 

Those were anxious hours in which we lay drifting helplessly 
sideways, step after step, in toward the reef. It was noticeably quiet 
on board; we all crept in and out from cabin to bamboo deck, 
silent or laconic, and carried on with our jobs. Our serious faces 
showed that no one was in doubt as to what awaited us, and the 
absence of nervousness showed that we had all gradually acquired 
an unshakable confidence in the raft. If it had brought us across 
the sea, it would also manage to bring us ashore alive. 

Inside the cabin there was a complete chaos of provision cartons 
and cargo, lashed fast. Torstein had barely found room for himself 
in the radio corner, where he had got the short-wave transmitter 
working. We were now over 4,000 sea miles from our old base at 
Callao, where the Peruvian Naval War School had maintained 
regular contact with us, and still farther from Hal and Frank and 
the other radio amateurs in the United States. But, as chance willed, 
we had on the previous day got in touch with a capable radio 
“ham” who had a set on Rarotonga in the Cook Islands, and the 
operators, quite contrary to all our usual practice, had arranged for 




an extra contact with him early in the morning. All the time we 
were drifting closer and closer in to the reef, Torstein was sitting 
tapping his key and calling Rarotonga. 

Entries in the Kon-Tiki’s log ran: 

— 8:15: We are slowly approaching land. We can now make out 
with the naked eye the separate palm trees inside on the starboard 
side. 

— 8:45: The wind has veered into a still more unfavorable 
quarter for us, so we have no hope of getting clear. No 
nervousness on board, but hectic preparations on deck. There is 
something lying on the reef ahead of us which looks like the wreck 
of a sailing vessel, but it may be only a heap of driftwood. 

— 9:45: The wind is taking us straight toward the last island 
but one we see behind the reef. We can now see the whole coral 
reef clearly; here it is built up like a white and red speckled wall 
which barely sticks up out of the water as a belt in front of all the 
islands. All along the reef white foaming surf is flung up toward 
the sky. Bengt is just serving up a good hot meal, the last before 
the great action! 

It is a wreck lying in there on the reef. We are so close now that 
we can see right across the shining lagoon behind the reef and see 
the outlines of other islands on the other side of the lagoon. 

As this was written, the dull drone of the surf came near again; it 
came from the whole reef and filled the air like thrilling rolls of the 
drum, heralding the exciting last act of the Kon-Tiki. 

— 9: 50: Very close now. Drifting along the reef. Only a 




hundred yards or so away. Torstein is talking to the man on 
Rarotonga. All clear. Must pack up log now. All in good spirits; it 
looks bad, but we shall make it! 

A few minutes later the anchor rushed overboard and caught 
hold of the bottom, so that the Kon-Tiki swung around and turned 
her stern inward toward the breakers. It held us for a few valuable 
minutes, while Torstein sat hammering like mad on the key. He had 
got Rarotonga now. The breakers thundered in the air and the sea 
rose and fell furiously. All hands were at work on deck, and now 
Torstein got his message through. He said we were drifting toward 
the Raroia reef. He asked Rarotonga to listen in on the same wave 
length every hour. If we were silent for more than thirty-six hours, 
Rarotonga must let the Norwegian Embassy in Washington know. 
Torstein ’s last words were: 

“O.K. Fifty yards left. Here we go. Good-by.” 

Then he closed down the station, Knut sealed up the papers, and 
both crawled out on deck as fast as they could to join the rest of 
us, for it was clear now that the anchor was giving way. 

The swell grew heavier and heavier, with deep troughs between 
the waves, and we felt the raft being swung up and down, up and 
down, higher and higher. 

Again the order was shouted: “Hold on, never mind about the 
cargo, hold on!” 

We were now so near the waterfall inside that we no longer 
heard the steady continuous roar from all along the reef. We now 
heard only a separate boom each time the nearest breaker crashed 




down on the rocks. 



All hands stood in readiness, each clinging fast to the rope he 
thought the most secure. Only Erik crept into the cabin at the last 
moment; there was one part of the program he had not yet carried 
out — he had not found his shoes! 

No one stood aft, for it was there the shock from the reef would 
come. Nor were the two firm stays which ran from the masthead 
down to the stern safe. For if the mast fell they would be left 
hanging overboard, over the reef. Herman, Bengt, and Torstein had 
climbed up on some boxes which were lashed fast forward of the 
cabin wall, and, while Herman clung on to the guy ropes from the 
ridge of the roof, the other two held on to the ropes from the 
masthead by which the sail at other times was hauled up. Knut and 
I chose the stay running from the bow up to the masthead, for, if 
mast and cabin and everything else went overboard, we thought 
the rope from the bow would nevertheless remain lying inboard, 
as we were now head on to the seas. 

When we realized that the seas had got hold of us, the anchor 
rope was cut and we were off. A sea rose straight up under us, and 
we felt the Kon-Tiki being lifted up in the air. The great moment 
had come; we were riding on the wave back at breathless speed, 
our ramshackle craft creaking and groaning as she quivered under 
us. The excitement made one’s blood boil. I remember that, having 
no other inspiration, I waved my arm and bellowed “Hurrah!” at 
the top of my lungs; it afforded a certain relief and could do no 
harm anyway. The others certainly thought I had gone mad, but 
they all beamed and grinned enthusiastically. On we ran with the 
seas rushing in behind us; this was the Kon-Tiki s baptism of fire. 




All must and would go well. 

But our elation was soon dampened. A new sea rose high up 
astern of us like a glittering, green glass wall. As we sank down it 
came rolling after us, and, in the same second in which I saw it 
high above me, I felt a violent blow and was submerged under 
floods of water. I felt the suction through my whole body, with 
such great power that I had to strain every single muscle in my 
frame and think of one thing only — hold on, hold on! I think that 
in such a desperate situation the arms will be torn off before the 
brain consents to let go, evident as the outcome is. Then I felt that 
the mountain of water was passing on and relaxing its devilish grip 
of my body. When the whole mountain had rushed on, with an 
ear-splitting roaring and crashing, I saw Knut again hanging on 
beside me, doubled up into a ball. Seen from behind, the great sea 
was almost flat and gray. As it rushed on, it swept over the ridge of 
the cabin roof which projected from the water, and there hung the 
three others, pressed against the cabin roof as the water passed 
over them. 

We were still afloat. 

In an instant I renewed my hold, with arms and legs bent round 
the strong rope. Knut let himself down and with a tiger’s leap 
joined the others on the boxes, where the cabin took the strain. I 
heard reassuring exclamations from them, but at the same time I 
saw a new green wall rise up and come towering toward us. I 
shouted a warning and made myself as small and hard as I could 
where I hung. In an instant hell was over us again, and the Kon- 
Tiki disappeared completely under the masses of water. The sea 
tugged and pulled with all the force it could bring to bear at the 




poor little bundles of human bodies. The second sea rushed over 
us, to be followed by a third like it. 

Then I heard a triumphant shout from Knut, who was now 
hanging on to the rope ladder: 

“Look at the raft — she’s holding!” 

After three seas only the double mast and the cabin had been 
knocked a bit crooked. Again we had a feeling of triumph over the 
elements, and the elation of victory gave us new strength. 

Then I saw the next sea come towering up, higher than all the 
rest, and again I bellowed a warning aft to the others as I climbed 
up the stay, as high as I could get in a hurry, and hung on fast. 
Then I myself disappeared sideways into the midst of the green 
wall which towered high over us. The others, who were farther aft 
and saw me disappear first, estimated the height of the wall of 
water at twenty-five feet, while the foaming crest passed by fifteen 
feet above the part of the glassy wall into which I had vanished. 
Then the great wave reached them, and we had all one single 
thought — hold on, hold on, hold, hold, hold! 

We must have hit the reef that time. I myself felt only the strain 
on the stay, which seemed to bend and slacken jerkily. But whether 
the bumps came from above or below I could not tell, hanging 
there. The whole submersion lasted only seconds, but it demanded 
more endurance than we usually have in our bodies. There is 
greater strength in the human mechanism than that of the muscles 
alone. I determined that, if I was to die, I would die in this 
position, like a knot on the stay. The sea thundered on, over and 
past, and as it roared by it revealed a hideous sight. The Kon-Tiki 




was wholly changed, as by the stroke of a magic wand. The vessel 
we knew from weeks and months at sea was no more; in a few 
seconds our pleasant world had become a shattered wreck. 

I saw only one man on board besides myself. He lay pressed flat 
across the ridge of the cabin roof, face downward with his arms 
stretched out on both sides, while the cabin itself was crushed in, 
like a house of cards, toward the stern and toward the starboard 
side. The motionless figure was Herman. There was no other sign 
of life, while the hill of water thundered by, in across the reef. The 
hardwood mast on the starboard side was broken like a match, and 
the upper stump, in its fall, had smashed right through the cabin 
roof, so that the mast and all its gear slanted at a low angle over the 
reef on the starboard side. Astern, the steering block was twisted 
round lengthways and the crossbeam broken, while the steering 
oar was smashed to splinters. The splashboards at the bow were 
broken like cigar boxes, and the whole deck was torn up and 
pasted like wet paper against the forward wall of the cabin, along 
with boxes, cans, canvas, and other cargo. Bamboo sticks and rope 
ends stuck up everywhere, and the general effect was of complete 
chaos. 

I felt cold fear run through my whole body. What was the good 
of my holding on? If I lost one single man here, in the run in, the 
whole thing would be ruined, and for the moment there was only 
one human figure to be seen after the last buffet. In that second 
Torstein’s hunched-up form appeared outside the raft. He was 
hanging like a monkey in the ropes from the masthead and 
managed to get on to the logs again, where he crawled up on to the 
debris forward of the cabin. Herman, too, now turned his head and 




gave me a forced grin of encouragement, but did not move. I 
bellowed in the faint hope of locating the others and heard Bengt’s 
calm voice call out that all hands were aboard. They were lying 
holding on to the ropes behind the tangled barricade which the 
tough plaiting from the bamboo deck had built up. 

All this happened in the course of a few seconds, while the Kon- 
Tiki was being drawn out of the witches’ caldron by the backwash, 
and a fresh sea came rolling over her. For the last time I bellowed 
“Hang on!” at the top of my lungs amid the uproar, and that was all 
I myself did; I hung on and disappeared in the masses of water 
which rushed over and past in those endless two or three seconds. 
That was enough for me. I saw the ends of the logs knocking and 
bumping against a sharp step in the coral reef without going over 
it. Then we were sucked out again. I also saw the two men who lay 
stretched out across the ridge of the cabin roof, but none of us 
smiled any longer. Behind the chaos of bamboo I heard a calm 
voice call out: 

“This won’t do.” 

I myself felt equally discouraged. As the masthead sank farther 
and farther out over the starboard side, I found myself hanging on 
to a slack line outside the raft. The next sea came. When it had 
gone by I was dead tired, and my only thought was to get up on to 
the logs and lie behind the barricade. When the backwash 
retreated, I saw for the first time the rugged red reef naked beneath 
us and perceived Torstein standing, bent double, on gleaming red 
corals, holding on to a bunch of rope ends from the mast. Knut, 
standing aft, was about to jump. I shouted that we must all keep on 
the logs, and Torstein, who had been washed overboard by the 




pressure of water, sprang up again like a cat. 

Two or three more seas rolled over us with diminishing force, 
and what happened then I do not remember, except that water 
foamed in and out and I myself sank lower and lower toward the 
red reef over which we were being lifted in. Then only crests of 
foam full of salt spray came whirling in, and I was able to work 
my way in on to the raft, where we all made for the after end of 
the logs which was highest up on the reef. 

At the same moment Knut crouched down and sprang up on to 
the reef with the line which lay clear astern. While the backwash 
was running out, he waded through the whirling water some thirty 
yards in and stood safely at the end of the line when the next sea 
foamed in toward him, died down, and ran back from the flat reef 
like a broad stream. 

Then Erik came crawling out of the collapsed cabin, with his 
shoes on. If we had all done as he did, we should have got off 
cheaply. As the cabin had not been washed overboard but had 
been pressed down pretty flat under the canvas, Erik lay quietly 
stretched out among the cargo and heard the peals of thunder 
crashing above him while the collapsed bamboo walls curved 
downward. Bengt had had a slight concussion when the mast fell 
but had managed to crawl under the wrecked cabin alongside Erik. 
We should all of us have been lying there if we had realized in 
advance how firmly the countless lashings and plaited bamboo 
sheets would hang on to the main logs under the pressure of the 
water. 

Erik was now standing ready on the logs aft, and when the sea 




retired he, too, jumped up on to the reef. It was Herman’s turn 
next, and then Bengt’s. Each time the raft was pushed a bit farther 
in, and, when Torstein’s turn and my own came, the raft already 
lay so far in on the reef that there was no longer any ground for 
abandoning her. All hands began the work of salvage. 

We were now twenty yards away from that devilish step up on 
the reef, and it was there and beyond it that the breakers came 
rolling after one another in long lines. The coral polyps had taken 
care to build the atoll so high that only the very tops of the 
breakers were able to send a fresh stream of sea water past us and 
into the lagoon, which abounded in fish. Here inside was the 
corals’ own world, and they disported themselves in the strangest 
shapes and colors. 

A long way in on the reef the others found the rubber raft, lying 
drifting and quite waterlogged. They emptied it and dragged it 
back to the wreck, and we loaded it to the full with the most 
important equipment, like the radio set, provisions, and water 
bottles. We dragged all this in across the reef and piled it up on the 
top of a huge block of coral, which lay alone on the inside of the 
reef like a large meteorite. Then we went back to the wreck for 
fresh loads. We could never know what the sea would be up to 
when the tidal currents got to work around us. 

In the shallow water inside the reef we saw something bright 
shining in the sun. When we waded over to pick it up, to our 
astonishment we saw two empty tins. This was not exactly what 
we had expected to find there, and we were still more surprised 
when we saw that the little boxes were quite bright and newly 
opened and stamped “Pineapple,” with the same inscription as that 




on the new field rations we ourselves were testing for the 
quartermaster. They were indeed two of our own pineapple tins 
which we had thrown overboard after our last meal on board the 
Kon-Tiki. We had followed close behind them up on the reef. 

We were standing on sharp, rugged coral blocks, and on the 
uneven bottom we waded now ankle-deep, now chest-deep, 
according to the channels and stream beds in the reef. Anemones 
and corals gave the whole reef the appearance of a rock garden 
covered with mosses and cactus and fossilized plants, red and 
green and yellow and white. There was no color that was not 
represented, either in corals or algae or in shells and sea slugs and 
fantastic fish, which were wriggling about everywhere. In the 
deeper channels small sharks about four feet long came sneaking 
up to us in the crystal-clear water. But we had only to smack the 
water with the palms of our hands for them to turn about and keep 
at a distance. 

Where we had stranded, we had only pools of water and wet 
patches of coral about us; farther in lay the calm blue lagoon. The 
tide was going out, and we continually saw more corals sticking up 
out of the water round us, while the surf which thundered without 
interruption along the reef sank down, as it were, a floor lower. 
What would happen there on the narrow reef when the tide began 
to flow again was uncertain. We must get away. 

The reef stretched like a half- submerged fortress wall up to the 
north and down to the south. In the extreme south was a long 
island densely covered with tall pahn forest. And just above us to 
the north, only 600 or 700 yards away, lay another but considerably 
smaller pahn island. It lay inside the reef, with palm tops rising 




into the sky and snow-white sandy beaches running out into the 
still lagoon. The whole island looked like a bulging green basket of 
flowers, or a little bit of concentrated paradise. 

This island we chose. 

Herman stood beside me beaming all over his bearded face. He 
did not say a word, only stretched out his hand and laughed 
quietly. The Kon-Tiki still lay far out on the reef with the spray 
flying over her. She was a wreck, but an honorable wreck. 
Everything above deck was smashed up, but the nine balsa logs 
from the Quevedo forest in Ecuador were as intact as ever. They 
had saved our lives. The sea had claimed but little of the cargo, 
and none of what we had stowed inside the cabin. We ourselves 
had stripped the raft of everything of real value, which now lay in 
safety on the top of the great sun-smitten rock inside the reef. 

Since I had jumped off the raft, I had genuinely missed the sight 
of all the pilot fish wriggling in front of our bow. Now the great 
balsa logs lay up on the reef in six inches of water, and brown sea 
slugs lay writhing under the bows. The pilot fish were gone. The 
dolphins were gone. Only unknown flat fish with peacock patterns 
and blunt tails wriggled inquisitively in and out between the logs. 
We had arrived in a new world. Johannes had left his hole. He had 
doubtless found another lurking place here. 

I took a last look round on board the wreck and caught sight of 
a little baby palm in a flattened basket. It projected from an eye in 
a coconut to a length of eighteen inches, and two roots stuck out 
below. I waded in toward the island with the nut in my hand. A 
little way ahead I saw, Knut wading happily landward with a 




model of the raft, which he had made with much labor on the 
voyage, under his arm. We soon passed Bengt. He was a splendid 
steward. With a lump on his forehead and sea water dripping from 
his beard, he was walking bent double pushing a box, which 
danced along before him every time the breakers outside sent a 
stream over into the lagoon. He lifted the lid proudly. It was the 
kitchen box, and in it were the primus and cooking utensils in 
good order. 

I shall never forget that wade across the reef toward the 
heavenly pahn island that grew larger as it came to meet us. When 
I reached the sunny sand beach, I slipped off my shoes and thrust 
my bare toes down into the warm, bone-dry sand. It was as though 
I enjoyed the sight of every footprint which dug itself into the 
virgin sand beach that led up to the pahn trunks. Soon the pahn 
tops closed over my head, and I went on, right in toward the center 
of the tiny island. Green coconuts hung under the palm tufts, and 
some luxuriant bushes were thickly covered with snow-white 
blossoms, which smelled so sweet and seductive that I felt quite 
faint. In the interior of the island two quite tame terns flew about 
my shoulders. They were as white and light as wisps of cloud. 
Small lizards shot away from my feet, and the most important 
inhabitants of the island were large blood-red hermit crabs which 
lumbered along in every direction with stolen snail shells as large 
as eggs adhering to their soft hinder parts. 

I was completely overwhelmed. I sank down on my knees and 
thrust my fingers deep down into the dry warm sand. 

The voyage was over. We were all alive. We had run ashore on a 
small uninhabited South Sea island. And what an island! Torstein 




came in, flung away a sack, threw himself flat on his back and 
looked up at the palm tops and the white birds, light as down, 
which circled noiselessly just above us. Soon we were all six lying 
there. Herman, always energetic, climbed up a small palm and 
pulled down a cluster of large green coconuts. We cut off their soft 
tops with our machete knives, as if they were eggs, and poured 
down our throats the most delicious refreshing drink in the world 
— sweet, cold milk from young and seedless palm fruit. On the 
reef outside resounded the monotonous drum beats from the guard 
at the gates of paradise. “Purgatory was a bit damp,” said Bengt, 
“but heaven is more or less as I’d imagined it ” 

We stretched ourselves luxuriously on the ground and smiled up 
at the white trade-wind clouds drifting by westward up above the 
palm tops. Now we were no longer following them helplessly; now 
we lay on a fixed, motionless island, in Polynesia. 

And as we lay and stretched ourselves, the breakers outside us 
rumbled like a train, to and fro, to and fro, all along the horizon. 

Bengt was right; this was heaven. 





An uninhabited South Sea island, protected by the coral reef, was 
our first home across the ocean. It was a curious experience to 
feel solid ground under our feet again after 101 days at sea. 

We were able to save most of our equipment and carried it to the 
island in our rubber boat, which we had found a long way in on 
the reef. We waded across to the island seen in the background, 
but that too was uninhabited. 




A coconut from Peru was planted on the island where we had been 
shipwrecked. The coconut palm grew on the coast of tropical 
America and in the South Sea islands before Columbus ’ time. As 
the nuts will not withstand sea water for any length of time, they 




must have been spread with man s assistance. 



Big fresh green coconuts hung from the trees in clusters. With 
coconuts, hermit crabs, and fish we were not short of food. 








“All well, all well” — Raaby and Haugland sent out this message 



hour after hour to prevent relief expeditions from coming to 
search for us. “If all s well, why worry? ” asked an American radio 
“ham ” who picked up the message. In the foreground Hesselberg 
is shown turning the hand generator. 



Polynesians arrive. After a week on our desert island an outrigger 
canoe appeared. The natives on board lived in a village on the 
other side of the lagoon; they had found wreckage and seen a 
light from our island. 





“Ke-ke-te-huru-huru (Heave ho)!” shouted the natives as they 
dragged the raft to land. After several days she had finally been 
washed over the reef 



Kon-Tiki in the Raroia lagoon. It may be safely assumed that no 



other vessel will repeat our rafts exploit in clearing the breakers 
and then sailing as trimly over land as over water. 




8 



AMONG POLYNESIANS 

A Robinson Crusoe Touch — Fear of Relief — 
All Well, Kon-Tiki! — Other Wrecks — 
Uninhabited Islands — 

Fight with Marine Eels — Natives Find Us — 
Ghosts on the Reef — Envoy to the Chief — 

The Chief Visits Us — 

The kon-Tiki Is Recognized — A High Tide — 
Our Craft s Overland Cruise — 

Only Four on the Island — Natives Fetch Us — 
Reception in the Village — 

Forefathers from the Sunrise — Hula Feast — 
Medicine Men on the Air — 

We Become Royalty — Another Shipwreck — 
The “Tamara” Salvages the “Maoae” — 

To Tahiti — 

Meeting on the Quay — A Royal Stay — 

Six Wreaths 



Among Polynesians 




OUR LITTLE ISLAND WAS UNINHABITED. WE SOON GOT to 
know every palm clump and every beach, for the island was barely 
two hundred yards across. The highest point was less than six feet 
above the lagoon. 

Over our heads, in the palm tops, there hung great clusters of 
green coconut husks, which insulated their contents of cold 
coconut milk from the tropical sun, so we should not be thirsty in 
the first weeks. There were also ripe coconuts, a swarm of hermit 
crabs, and all sorts of fish in the lagoon; we should be well off. 

On the north side of the island we found the remnants of an old, 
unpainted wooden cross, half buried in the coral sand. Here there 
was the view northward along the reef to the stripped wreck, 
which we had first seen closer in as we drifted by on the way to 
our stranding. Still farther northward we saw in a bluish haze the 
palm tufts of another small island. The island to southward, on 
which the trees grew thickly, was much closer. We saw no sign of 
life there, either, but for the time we had other matters to think 
about. 

Robinson Crusoe Hesselberg came limping up in his big straw 
hat with his arms full of crawling hermit crabs. Knut set fire to 
some dry wood, and soon we had crab and coconut milk with 
coffee for dessert. 

“Feels all right being ashore, doesn’t it, boys?” Knut asked 




delightedly. 

He had himself enjoyed this feeling once before on the voyage, 
at Angatau. As he spoke, he stumbled and poured half a kettle of 
boiling water over Bengt’s bare feet. We were all of us a bit 
unsteady the first day ashore, after 101 days on board the raft, and 
would suddenly begin reeling about among the pahn trunks 
because we had put out a foot to counter a sea that did not come. 

When Bengt handed over to us our respective mess utensils, 
Erik grinned broadly. I remember that, after the last meal on board, 
I had leaned over the side of the raft and washed up as usual, 
while Erik looked in across the reef, saying: “I don’t think I shah 
bother to wash up today.” When he found his things in the kitchen 
box, they were as clean as mine. 

After the meal and a good stretch on the ground we set about 
putting together the soaked radio apparatus; we must do it quickly 
so that Torstein and Knut might get on the air before the man on 
Rarotonga sent out a report of our sad end. 

Most of the radio equipment had already been brought ashore, 
and among the things which lay drifting on the reef Bengt found a 
box, on which he laid hands. He jumped high into the air from an 
electric shock; there was no doubt that the contents belonged to the 
radio section. While the operators unscrewed, coupled, and put 
together, we others set about pitching camp. 

Out on the wreck we found the heavy waterlogged sail and 
dragged it ashore. We stretched it between two big palms in a little 
opening, looking on to the lagoon, and supported two other 
corners with bamboo sticks which came drifting in from the 




wreck. A thick hedge of wild flowering bushes forced the sail 
together so that we had a roof and three walls and, moreover, a 
clear view of the shining lagoon, while our nostrils were filled 
with an insinuating scent of blossoms. It was good to be here. We 
all laughed quietly and enjoyed our ease; we each made our beds 
of fresh pahn leaves, pulling up loose branches of coral which 
stuck up inconveniently out of the sand. Before night fell we had a 
very pleasant rest, and over our heads we saw the big bearded face 
of good old Kon-Tiki. No longer did he swell out his breast with 
the east wind behind him. He now lay motionless on his back 
looking up at the stars which came twinkling out over Polynesia. 

On the bushes round us hung wet flags and sleeping bags, and 
soaked articles lay on the sand to dry. Another day on this island of 
sunshine and everything would be nicely dry. Even the radio boys 
had to give it up until the sun had a chance of drying the inside of 
their apparatus next day. We took the sleeping bags down from the 
trees and turned in, disputing boastfully as to who had the driest 
bag. Bengt won, for his did not squelch when he turned over. 
Heavens, how good it was to be able to sleep! 

When we woke next morning at sunrise, the sail was bent down 
and full of rain water as pure as crystal. Bengt took charge of this 
asset and then ambled down to the lagoon and jerked ashore some 
curious breakfast fish which he decoyed into channels in the sand. 

That night Herman had had pains in the neck and back where he 
had injured himself before the start from Lima, and Erik had a 
return of his vanished lumbago. Otherwise we had come out of the 
trip over the reef astonishingly lightly, with scratches and small 
wounds, except for Bengt who had had a blow on the forehead 




when the mast fell and had a slight concussion. I myself looked 
most peculiar, with my arms and legs bruised blue black all over 
by the pressure against the rope. 

But none of us was in such a bad state that the sparkling clear 
lagoon did not entice him to a brisk swim before breakfast. It was 
an immense lagoon. Far out it was blue and rippled by the trade 
wind, and it was so wide that we could only just see the tops of a 
row of misty, blue palm islands which marked the curve of the 
atoll on the other side. But here, in the lee of the islands, the trade 
wind rustled peacefully in the fringed palm tops, making them stir 
and sway, while the lagoon lay like a motionless mirror below and 
reflected all their beauty. The bitter salt water was so pure and clear 
that gaily colored corals in nine feet of water seemed so near the 
surface that we thought we should cut our toes on them in 
swimming. And the water abounded in beautiful varieties of 
colorful fish. It was a marvelous world in which to disport oneself. 
The water was just cold enough to be refreshing, and the air was 
pleasantly warm and dry from the sun. But we must get ashore 
again quickly today; Rarotonga would broadcast alarming news if 
nothing had been heard from the raft at the end of the day. 

Coils and radio parts lay drying in the tropical sun on slabs of 
coral, and Torstein and Knut coupled and screwed. The whole day 
passed, and the atmosphere grew more and more hectic. The rest 
of us abandoned all other jobs and crowded round the radio in the 
hope of being able to give assistance. We must be on the air before 
10 RM. Then the thirty-six hours’ time limit would be up, and the 
radio amateur on Rarotonga would send out appeals for airplane 
and relief expeditions. 




Noon came, afternoon came, and the sun set. If only the man on 
Rarotonga would contain himself! Seven o’clock, eight, nine. The 
tension was at breaking point. Not a sign of life in the transmitter, 
but the receiver, an NC — 173, began to liven up somewhere at the 
bottom of the scale and we heard faint music. But not on the 
amateur wave length. It was eating its way up, however; perhaps it 
was a wet coil which was drying inward from one end. The 
transmitter was still stone-dead — short circuits and sparks 
everywhere. 

There was less than an hour left. This would never do. The 
regular transmitter was given up, and a little sabotage transmitter 
from wartime was tried again. We had tested it several times before 
in the course of the day, but without result. Now perhaps it had 
become a little drier. All the batteries were completely ruined, and 
we got power by cranking a tiny hand generator. It was heavy, and 
we four who were laymen in radio matters took turns all day long 
sitting and turning the infernal thing. 

The thirty-six hours would soon be up. I remember someone 
whispering “Seven minutes more,” “Five minutes more,” and then 
no one would look at his watch again. The transmitter was as 
dumb as ever, but the receiver was sputtering upward toward the 
right wave length. Suddenly it crackled on the Rarotonga man’s 
frequency, and we gathered that he was in full contact with the 
telegraph station in Tahiti. Soon afterward we picked up the 
following fragment of a message sent out from Rarotonga: 

“ no plane this side of Samoa. I am quite sure .” 

Then it died away again. The tension was unbearable. What was 




brewing out there? Had they already begun to send out plane and 
rescue expeditions? Now, no doubt, messages concerning us were 
going over the air in every direction. 

The two operators worked feverishly The sweat trickled from 
their faces as freely as it did from ours who sat turning the handle. 
Power began slowly to come into the transmitter’s aerial, and 
Torstein pointed ecstatically to an arrow which swung slowly up 
over a scale when he held the Morse key down. Now it was 
coming! 

We turned the handle madly while Torstein called Rarotonga. No 
one heard us. Once more. Now the receiver was working again, 
but Rarotonga did not hear us. We called Hal and Frank at Los 
Angeles and the Naval School at Lima, but no one heard us. 

Then Torstein sent out a CQ message: that is to say, he called all 
the stations in the world which could hear us on our special 
amateur wave length. 

That was of some use. Now a faint voice out in the ether began 
to call us slowly. We called again and said that we heard him. Then 
the slow voice out in the ether said: 

“My name is Paul — I live in Colorado. What is your name and 
where do you live?” 

This was a radio amateur. Torstein seized the key, while we 
turned the handle, and replied: 

“This is the Kon-Tiki. We are stranded on a desert island in the 



Pacific.” 




Paul did not believe the message. He thought it was a radio 
amateur in the next street pulling his leg, and he did not come on 
the air again. We tore our hair in desperation. Here were we, sitting 
under the palm tops on a starry night on a desert island, and no 
one even believed what we said. 

Torstein did not give up; he was at the key again sending “All 
well, all well, all well” unceasingly. We must at all costs stop all 
this rescue machinery from starting out across the Pacific. 

Then we heard, rather faintly, in the receiver: 

“If all’s well, why worry?” 

Then all was quiet in the ether. That was all. 

We could have leaped into the air and shaken down all the 
coconuts for sheer desperation, and heaven knows what we should 
have done if both Rarotonga and good old Hal had not suddenly 
heard us. Hal wept for delight, he said, at hearing LI 2 B again. All 
the tension stopped immediately; we were once more alone and 
undisturbed on our South Sea island and turned in, worn out, on 
our beds of palm leaves. 

Next day we took it easy and enjoyed life to the full. Some 
bathed, others fished or went out exploring on the reef in search of 
curious marine creatures, while the most energetic cleared up in 
camp and made our surroundings pleasant. Out on the point which 
looked toward the Kon-Tiki we dug a hole on the edge of the trees, 
lined it with leaves, and planted in it the sprouting coconut from 
Peru. A cairn of corals was erected beside it, opposite the place 
where the Kon-Tiki had run ashore. 




The Kon-Tiki had been washed still farther in during the night 
and lay almost dry in a few pools of water, squeezed in among a 
group of big coral blocks a long way through the reef. 

After a thorough baking in the warm sand Erik and Herman 
were in fine fettle again and were anxious to go southward along 
the reef in the hope of getting over to the large island which lay 
down there. I warned them more against eels than against sharks, 
and each of them stuck his long machete knife into his belt. I knew 
the coral reef was the habitat of a frightful eel with long poisonous 
teeth which could easily tear off a man’s leg. They wriggle to the 
attack with lightning rapidity and are the terror of the natives, who 
are not afraid to swim round a shark. 

The two men were able to wade over long stretches of the reef 
to southward, but there were occasional channels of deeper water 
running this way and that where they had to jump in and swim. 
They reached the big island safely and waded ashore. The island, 
long and narrow and covered with palm forest, ran farther south 
between sunny beaches under the shelter of the reef. The two 
continued along the island till they came to the southern point. 
From here the reef, covered with white foam, ran on southward to 
other distant islands. They found the wreck of a big ship down 
there; she had four masts and lay on the shore cut in two. She was 
an old Spanish sailing vessel which had been loaded with rails, 
and rusty rails lay scattered all along the reef. They returned along 
the other side of the island but did not find so much as a track in 
the sand. 

On the way back across the reef they were continually coming 
upon curious fish and were trying to catch some of them when 




they were suddenly attacked by no fewer than eight large eels. 
They saw them coming in the clear water and jumped up on to a 
large coral block, round and under which the eels writhed. The 
slimy brutes were as thick as a man’s calf and speckled green and 
black like poisonous snakes, with small heads, malignant snake 
eyes, and teeth an inch long and as sharp as an awl. The men 
hacked with their machete knives at the little swaying heads which 
came writhing toward them; they cut the head off one and another 
was injured. The blood in the sea attracted a whole flock of young 
blue sharks which attacked the dead and injured eels, while Erik 
and Herman were able to jump over to another block of coral and 
get away. 

On the same day I was wading in toward the island when 
something, with a lightning movement, caught hold of my ankle 
on both sides and held on tight. It was a cuttlefish. It was not large, 
but it was a horrible feeling to have the cold gripping arms about 
one’s limb and to exchange looks with the evil little eyes in the 
bluish-red, beaked sack which constituted the body. I jerked in my 
foot as hard as I could, and the squid, which was barely three feet 
long, followed it without letting go. It must have been the bandage 
on my foot which attracted it. I dragged myself in jerks toward the 
beach with the disgusting carcass hanging on to my foot. Only 
when I reached the edge of the dry sand did it let go and retreat 
slowly through the shallow water, with arms outstretched and eyes 
directed shoreward, as though ready for a new attack if I wanted 
one. When I threw a few lumps of coral at it, it darted away. 

Our various experiences out on the reef only added a spice to 
our heavenly existence on the island within. But we could not 




spend all our lives here, and we must begin to think about how we 
should get back to the outer world. After a week the Kon-Tiki had 
bumped her way in to the middle of the reef, where she lay stuck 
fast on dry land. The great logs had pushed away and broken off 
large slabs of coral in the effort to force their way forward to the 
lagoon, but now the wooden raft lay immovable, and all our 
pulling and all our pushing were equally unavailing. If we could 
only get the wreck into the lagoon, we could always splice the mast 
and rig her sufficiently to be able to sail with the wind across the 
friendly lagoon and see what we found on the other side. If any of 
the islands were inhabited, it must be some of those which lay 
along the horizon away in the east, where the atoll turned its fa9ade 
toward the lee side. 

The days passed. 

Then one morning some of the fellows came tearing up and said 
they had seen a white sail on the lagoon. From up among the palm 
trunks we could see a tiny speck which was curiously white 
against the opal-blue lagoon. It was evidently a sail close to land 
on the other side. We could see that it was tacking. Soon another 
appeared. 

They grew in size, as the morning went on, and came nearer. 
They came straight toward us. We hoisted the French flag on a 
palm tree and waved our own Norwegian flag on a pole. One of 
the sails was now so near that we could see that it belonged to a 
Polynesian outrigger canoe. The rig was of more recent type. Two 
brown figures stood on board gazing at us. We waved. They 
waved back and sailed straight in on to the shallows. 




“la-ora-na, ” we greeted them in Polynesian. 

“la-ora-na, ” they shouted baek in chorus, and one jumped out 
and dragged his canoe after him as he came wading over the sandy 
shallows straight toward us. 

The two men had white men’s clothes but brown men’s bodies. 
They were barelegged, well built, and wore homemade straw hats 
to protect them from the sun. They landed and approached us 
rather uncertainly, but, when we smiled and shook hands with 
them in turn, they beamed on us with rows of pearly teeth which 
said more than words. 

Our Polynesian greeting had astonished and encouraged the two 
canoers in exactly the same way as we ourselves had been 
deceived when their kinsman off Angatau had called out “Good 
night,” and they reeled off a long rhapsody in Polynesian before 
they realized that their outpourings were going wide of the mark. 
Then they had nothing more to say but giggled amiably and 
pointed to the other canoe which was approaching. 

There were three men in this, and, when they waded ashore and 
greeted us, it appeared that one of them could talk a little French. 
We learned that there was a native village on one of the islands 
across the lagoon, and from it the Polynesians had seen our fire 
several nights earlier. Now there was only one passage leading in 
through the Raroia reef to the circle of islands around the lagoon, 
and, as this passage ran right past the village, no one could 
approach these islands inside the reef without being seen by the 
inhabitants of the village. The old people in the village, therefore, 
had come to the conclusion that the light they saw on the reef to 




eastward could not be the work of men but must be something 
supernatural. This had quenched in them all desire to go across 
and see for themselves. But then part of a box had come drifting 
across the lagoon, and on it some signs were painted. Two of the 
natives, who had been on Tahiti and learned the alphabet, had 
deciphered the inscription and read TIKI in big black letters on the 
slab of wood. Then there was no longer any doubt that there were 
ghosts on the reef, for Tiki was the long-dead founder of their own 
race — they all knew that. But then tinned bread, cigarettes, cocoa, 
and a box with an old shoe in it came drifting across the lagoon. 
Now they all realized that there had been a shipwreck on the 
eastern side of the reef, and the chief sent out two canoes to search 
for the survivors whose fire they had seen on the island. 

Urged on by the others, the brown man who spoke French 
asked why the slab of wood that drifted across the lagoon had 
“Tiki” on it. We explained that “Kon-Tiki” was on all our 
equipment and that it was the name of the vessel in which we had 
come. 

Our new friends were loud in their astonishment when they 
heard that all on board had been saved, when the vessel stranded, 
and that the flattened wreck out on the reef was actually the craft in 
which we had come. They wanted to put us all into the canoes at 
once and take us across to the village. We thanked them and 
refused, as we wanted to stay till we had got the Kon-Tiki off the 
reef. They looked aghast at the flat contraption out on the reef; 
surely we could not dream of getting that collapsed hull afloat 
again! Finally the spokesman said emphatically that we must go 
with them; the chief had given them strict orders not to return 




without us. 



We then deeided that one of us should go with the natives as 
envoy to the ehief and should then come back and report to us on 
the conditions on the other island. We would not let the raft remain 
on the reef and could not abandon all the equipment on our little 
island. Bengt went with the natives. The two canoes were pushed 
off from the sand and soon disappeared westward with a fair 
wind. 

Next day the horizon swarmed with white sails. Now, it seemed, 
the natives were coming to fetch us with all the craft they had. 

The whole convoy tacked across toward us, and, when they 
came near, we saw our good friend Bengt waving his hat in the 
first canoe, surrounded by brown figures. He shouted to us that the 
chief himself was with him, and the five of us formed up 
respectfully down on the beach where they were wading ashore. 

Bengt presented us to the chief with great ceremony. The chief’s 
name, Bengt said, was Tepiuraiarii Teriifaatau, but he would 
understand whom we meant if we called him Teka. We called him 
Teka. 

Teka was a tall, slender Polynesian with uncommonly intelligent 
eyes. He was an important person, a descendant of the old royal 
line in Tahiti, and was chief of both the Raroia and the Takume 
islands. He had been to school in Tahiti, so that he spoke French 
and could both read and write. He told me that the capital of 
Norway was called Christiania and asked if I knew Bing Crosby. 
He also told us that only three foreign vessels had called at Raroia 
in the last ten years, but that the village was visited several times a 




year by the native copra schooner from Tahiti, which brought 
merchandise and took away coconut kernels in exchange. They 
had been expecting the schooner for some weeks now, so she 
might come at any time. 

Bengt’s report, summarized, was that there was no school, radio, 
or any white men on Raroia, but that the 127 Polynesians in the 
village had done all they could to make us comfortable there and 
had prepared a great reception for us when we came over. 

The chief’s first request was to see the boat which had brought 
us ashore on the reef alive. We waded out toward the Kon-Tiki 
with a string of natives after us. When we drew near, the natives 
suddenly stopped and uttered loud exclamations, all talking at 
once. We could now see the logs of the Kon-Tiki plainly, and one 
of the natives burst out: 

“That’s not a boat, it’s a pae-pae!’' 

“Pae-pae!” they all repeated in chorus. 

They splashed out across the reef at a gallop and clambered up 
on to the Kon-Tiki. They scrambled about everywhere like excited 
children, feeling the logs, the bamboo plaiting, and the ropes. The 
chief was in as high spirits as the others; he came back and 
repeated with an inquiring expression: 

“The Tiki isn’t a boat, she’s a pae-pae. ” 

Pae-pae is the Polynesian word for “raft” and “platform,” and 
on Easter Island it is also the word used for the natives’ canoes. 
The chief told us that such pae-pae no longer existed, but that the 
oldest men in the village could relate old traditions of them. The 




natives all outshouted one another in admiration for the great balsa 
logs, but they turned up their noses at the ropes. Ropes like that 
did not last many months in salt water and sun. They showed us 
with pride the lashings on their own outriggers; they had plaited 
them themselves of coconut hemp, and such ropes remained as 
good as new for five years at sea. 

When we waded back to our little island, it was named Fenua 
Kon-Tiki, or Kon-Tiki Island. This was a name we could all 
pronounce, but our brown friends had a hard job trying to 
pronounce our short Nordic Christian names. They were delighted 
when I said they could call me Terai Mateata, for the great chief in 
Tahiti had given me that name when adopting me as his “son” the 
first time I was in those parts. 

The natives brought out fowls and eggs and breadfruit from the 
canoes, while others speared big fish in the lagoon with three- 
pronged spears, and we had a feast round the campfire. We had to 
narrate all our experiences with the pae-pae at sea, and they 
wanted to hear about the whale shark again and again. And every 
time we came to the point at which Erik rammed the harpoon into 
its skull, they uttered the same cries of excitement. They 
recognized at once every single fish of which we showed them 
sketches and promptly gave us the names in Polynesian. But they 
had never seen or heard of the whale shark or the Gempylus. 





The raft arrives at Tahiti in tow of the government schooner 

((rri ff 

lamara. 

Teriieroo a Teriierooiterai is the name of the last chief on Tahiti. 
He was on the quay to meet us when we arrived. Ten years before 
he had adopted the author as his son and had given him the name 
Terai Mateata (Blue Sky). 




Tiki was the name of the first great chief on Tahiti. He was 
regarded by the inhabitants as their divine ancestor, and stone 
statues of South American type were erected in his honor on many 



of the islands. 




The country which Tiki found. Low coral islands, like those of the 
Tuamotu group, and lofty mountainous islands like Tahiti and 
Moorea were found by Kon-Tiki, Son of the Sun, when he came 
from Peru with the first men on balsa rafts. 





Hula dance on Tahiti. Purea was related to the last queen of the 
island. After Tiki another Indian race came to these islands in big 
double canoes from British Columbia via Hawaii. The Polynesian 
race is a mixture of these two immigrant peoples. 




A Tahitian belle. When we came to the native village on Raroia, 
the natives started festivities that lasted the fourteen days we 
spent on the island. Our stay on Tahiti was of the same nature, 
but lasted longer. 




At the White House. After our return to Washington, President 
Truman received the members of the expedition. The American 
flag that had accompanied us across the Pacific was presented to 
him. From left: (half hidden) Knut Haugl and, the author, Herman 
Watzinger, President Truman, Mr. Lykke (counselor to the 
Embassy), Erik Hesselberg, and Torstein Raaby. Bengt 
Danielsson had remained on the west coast. 

When the evening came, we turned on the radio, to the great 
delight of the whole assemblage. Church music was most to their 
taste until, to our own astonishment, we picked up real hula music 
from America. Then the liveliest of them began to wriggle with 
their arms curved over their heads, and soon the whole company 
sprang up on their haunches and danced the hula-hula in time with 
the music. When night came, all camped round a fire on the beach. 
It was as much of an adventure to the natives as it was to us. 

When we awoke next morning, they were already up and frying 
newly caught fish, while six freshly opened coconut shells stood 
ready for us to quench our morning thirst. 

The reef was thundering more than usual that day; the wind had 
increased in strength, and the surf was whipping high into the air 
out there behind the wreck. 

“The Tiki will come in today,” said the chief, pointing to the 
wreck. “There T1 be a high tide.” 

About eleven o’clock the water began to flow past us into the 
lagoon. The lagoon began to fill like a big basin, and the water 
rose all round the island. Later in the day the real inflow from the 




sea came. The water came rolling in, terrace after terrace, and more 
and more of the reef sank below the surface of the sea. The masses 
of water rolled forward along both sides of the island. They tore 
away large coral blocks and dug up great sandbanks which 
disappeared like flour before the wind, while others were built up. 
Loose bamboos from the wreck came sailing past us, and the Kon- 
Tiki began to move. Everything that was lying along the beach had 
to be carried up into the interior of the island so that it might not 
be caught by the tide. Soon only the highest stones on the reef 
were visible, and all the beaches round our island had gone, while 
the water flowed up toward the herbage of the pancake island. 
This was eerie. It looked as if the whole sea were invading us. The 
Kon-Tiki swung right round and drifted until she was caught by 
some other coral blocks. 

The natives flung themselves into the water and swam and 
waded through the eddies till, moving from bank to bank, they 
reached the raft. Knut and Erik followed. Ropes lay ready on 
board the raft, and, when she rolled over the last coral blocks and 
broke loose from the reef, the natives jumped overboard and tried 
to hold her. They did not know the Kon-Tiki and her ungovernable 
urge to push on westward; so they were towed along helplessly 
with her. She was soon moving at a good speed right across the 
reef and into the lagoon. She became slightly at a loss when she 
reached quieter water and seemed to be looking round as though 
to obtain a survey of further possibilities. Before she began to 
move again and discovered the exit across the lagoon, the natives 
had already succeeded in getting the end of the rope around a pahn 
on land. And there the Kon-Tiki hung, tied up fast in the lagoon. 




The craft that went over land and water had made her way across 
the barricade and into the lagoon in the interior of Raroia. 

With inspiring war cries, to which “ke-ke-te-huru-huru ” formed 
an animating refrain, we hauled the Kon-Tiki by our combined 
efforts in to the shore of the island of her own name. The tide 
reached a point four feet above normal high water. We had thought 
the whole island was going to disappear before our eyes. 

The wind-whipped waves were breaking all over the lagoon, 
and we could not get much of our equipment into the narrow, wet 
canoes. The natives had to get back to the village in a hurry, and 
Bengt and Herman went with them to see a small boy who lay 
dying in a hut in the village. The boy had an abscess on his head, 
and we had penicillin. 

Next day we four were alone on Kon-Tiki Island. The east wind 
was now so strong that the natives could not come across the 
lagoon, which was studded with sharp coral formations and 
shoals. The tide, which had somewhat receded, flowed in again 
fiercely, in long, rushing step formations. 

Next day it was quieter again. We were now able to dive under 
the Kon-Tiki and ascertain that the nine logs were intact, even if the 
reef had planed an inch or two off the bottom. The cordage lay so 
deep in its grooves that only four of the numerous ropes had been 
cut by the corals. We set about clearing up on board. Our proud 
vessel looked better when the mess had been removed from the 
deck, the cabin pulled out again like a concertina, and the mast 
spliced and set upright. 

In the course of the day the sails appeared on the horizon again; 




the natives were coming to fetch us and the rest of the cargo. 
Herman and Bengt were with them, and they told us that the 
natives had prepared great festivities in the village. When we got 
over to the other island, we must not leave the canoes till the chief 
himself had indicated that we might do so. 

We ran across the lagoon, which here was seven miles wide, 
before a fresh breeze. It was with real sorrow that we saw the 
familiar palms on Kon-Tiki Island waving us good-by as they 
changed into a clump and shrank into one small indefinable island 
like all the others along the eastern reef. But ahead of us larger 
islands were broadening out. And on one of them we saw a jetty 
and smoke rising from huts among the palm trunks. 

The village looked quite dead; not a soul was to be seen. What 
was brewing now? Down on the beach, behind a jetty of coral 
blocks, stood two solitary figures, one tall and thin and one big 
and stout as a barrel. As we came in, we saluted them both. They 
were the chief Teka and the vice-chief Tupuhoe. We all fell for 
Tupuhoe’s broad hearty smile. Teka was a clear brain and a 
diplomat, but Tupuhoe was a pure child of nature and a sterling 
fellow, with a humor and a primitive force the like of which one 
meets but rarely. With his powerful body and kingly features he 
was exactly what one expects a Polynesian chief to be. Tupuhoe 
was, indeed, the real chief on the island, but Teka had gradually 
acquired the supreme position because he could speak French and 
count and write, so that the village was not cheated when the 
schooner came from Tahiti to fetch copra. 

Teka explained that we were to march together up to the 
meetinghouse in the village, and when all the boys had come 




ashore we set off thither in ceremonial procession, Herman first 
with the flag waving on a harpoon shaft, and then I myself 
between the two chiefs. 

The village bore obvious marks of the copra trade with Tahiti; 
both planks and corrugated iron had been imported in the 
schooner. While some huts were built in a picturesque old- 
fashioned style, with twigs and plaited palm leaves, others were 
knocked together with nails and planks as small tropical 
bungalows. A large house built of planks, standing alone among 
the palms, was the new village meetinghouse; there we six whites 
were to stay. We marched in with the flag by a small back door and 
out on to a broad flight of steps before the facade. Before us in the 
square stood everyone in the village who could walk or crawl — 
women and children, old and young. All were intensely serious; 
even our cheerful friends from Kon-Tiki Island stood drawn up 
among the others and did not give us a sign of recognition. 

When we had all come out on the steps, the whole assembly 
opened their mouths simultaneously and joined in singing — the 
“Marseillaise”! Teka, who knew the words, led the singing, and it 
went fairly well in spite of a few old women getting stuck up on 
the high notes. They had been training hard for this. The French 
and Norwegian flags were hoisted in front of the steps, and this 
ended the official reception by the chief Teka. He retired quietly 
into the background, and now stout Tupuhoe sprang forward and 
became master of the ceremonies. Tupuhoe gave a quick sign, on 
which the whole assembly burst into a new song. This time it went 
better, for the tune was composed by themselves and the words, 
too, were in their language — and sing their own hula they could. 




The melody was so fascinating, in all its touching simplicity, that 
we felt a tingling down our backs as the South Sea came roaring 
toward us. A few individuals led the singing and the whole choir 
joined in regularly; there were variations in the melody, though the 
words were always the same: 

“Good day, Terai Mateata and your men, who have come across 
the sea on a pae-pae to us on Raroia; yes, good day, may you 
remain long among us and share memories with us so that we can 
always be together, even when you go away to a far land. Good 
day.” 

We had to ask them to sing the song over again, and more and 
more life came into the whole assembly as they began to feel less 
constrained. Then Tupuhoe asked me to say a few words to the 
people as to why we had come across the sea on a pae-pae; they 
had all been counting on this. I was to speak in French, and Teka 
would translate bit by bit. 

It was an uneducated but highly intelligent gathering of brown 
people that stood waiting for me to speak. I told them that I had 
been among their kinsmen out here in the South Sea islands 
before, and that I had heard of their first chief. Tiki, who had 
brought their forefathers out to the islands from a mysterious 
country whose whereabouts no one knew any longer. But in a 
distant land called Peru, I said, a mighty chief had once ruled 
whose name was Tiki. The people called him Kon-Tiki, or Sun- 
Tiki, because he said he was descended from the sun. Tiki and a 
number of followers had at last disappeared from their country on 
big pae-paes; therefore we six thought that he was the same Tiki 
who had come to those islands. As nobody would believe that a 




pae-pae could make the voyage across the sea, we ourselves had 
set out from Peru on a pae-pae, and here we were, so it could be 
done. 

When the little speech was translated by Teka, Tupuhoe was all 
fire and flame and sprang forward in front of the assembly in a 
kind of eestasy He rumbled away in Polynesian, flung out his 
arms, pointed to heaven and us, and in his flood of speech 
constantly repeated the word Tiki. He talked so fast that it was 
impossible to follow the thread of what he said, but the whole 
assembly swallowed every word and was visibly excited. Teka, on 
the contrary, looked quite embarrassed when he had to translate. 

Tupuhoe had said that his father and grandfather, and his fathers 
before him, had told of Tiki and had said that Tiki was their first 
chief who was now in heaven. But then the white men came and 
said that the traditions of their ancestors were lies. Tiki had never 
existed. He was not in heaven at all, for Jehovah was there. Tiki 
was a heathen god, and they must not believe in him any longer. 
But now we six had come to them across the sea on a pae-pae. We 
were the first whites who had admitted that their fathers had 
spoken the truth. Tiki had lived, he had been real, but now he was 
dead and in heaven. 

Horrified at the thought of upsetting the missionaries’ work, I 
had to hurry forward and explain that Tiki had lived, that was sure 
and certain, and now he was dead. But whether he was in heaven 
or in hell today only Jehovah knew, for Jehovah was in heaven 
while Tiki himself had been a mortal man, a great chief like Teka 
and Tupuhoe, perhaps still greater. 




This produced both cheerfulness and eontentment among the 
brown men, and the nodding and mumbling among them showed 
clearly that the explanation had fallen on good soil. Tiki had lived 
— that was the main thing. If he was in hell now, no one was any 
the worse for it but himself; on the contrary, Tupuhoe suggested, 
perhaps it increased the ehances of seeing him again. 

Three old men pushed forward and wanted to shake hands with 
us. There was no doubt that it was they who had kept the 
memories of Tiki alive among the people, and the chief told us that 
one of the old men knew an immense number of traditions and 
historieal ballads from his forefathers’ time. I asked the old man if 
there was, in the traditions, any hint of the direetion from which 
Tiki had come. No, none of the old men could remember having 
heard that. But after long and careful reflection the oldest of the 
three said that Tiki had with him a near relation who was called 
Maui, and in the ballad of Maui it was said that he had come to the 
islands from Pura and pur a was the word for the part of the sky 
where the sun rose. If Maui had come from Pura, the old man said. 
Tiki had no doubt come from the same place, and we six on the 
pae-pae had also come from pura — that was sure enough. 

I told the brown men that on a lonely island near Easter Island, 
called Mangareva, the people had never learned the use of canoes 
and had continued to use big pae-paes at sea right down to our 
time. This the old men did not know, but they knew that their 
forefathers also had used big pae-paes. However, they had 
gradually gone out of use, and now they had nothing but the name 
and traditions left. In really ancient times they had been called 
rongo-rongo, the oldest man said, but that was a word whieh no 




longer existed in the language. Rongo-rongo were mentioned in 
the most ancient legends. 

This name was interesting, for Rongo — on certain islands 
pronounced “Lono” — ^was the name of one of the Polynesians’ 
best-known legendary ancestors. He was expressly described as 
white and fair-haired. When Captain Cook first came to Hawaii, he 
was received with open arms by the islanders because they thought 
he was their white kinsman Rongo, who, after an absence of 
generations, had come back from their ancestors’ homeland in his 
big sailing ship. And on Easter Island the word “rongo-rongo” 
was the designation for the mysterious hieroglyphs the secret of 
which was lost with the last “long-ears” who could write. 

While the old men wanted to discuss Tiki and rongo-rongo, the 
young ones wanted to hear about the whale shark and the voyage 
across the sea. But the food was waiting, and Teka was tired of 
interpreting. 

Now the whole village was allowed to come up and shake hands 
with each of us. The men mumbled “ia-ora-na ” and almost shook 
our hands out of joint, while the girls squirmed forward and 
greeted us coquettishly yet shyly and the old women babbled and 
cackled and pointed to our beards and the color of our skin. 
Friendliness beamed from every face, so it was quite immaterial 
that there was a hubbub of linguistic confusion. If they said 
something incomprehensible to us in Polynesian, we gave them tit 
for tat in Norwegian. We had the greatest fun together. The first 
native word we all learned was the word for “like,” and when, 
moreover, one could point to what one liked and count on getting 
it at once, it was all very simple. If one wrinkled one’s nose when 




“like” was said, it meant “don’t like,” and on this basis we got 
along pretty well. 

As soon as we had become acquainted with the 127 inhabitants 
of the village, a long table was laid for the two chiefs and the six of 
us, and the village girls came round bearing the most delicious 
dishes. While some arranged the table, others came and hung 
plaited wreaths of flowers round our necks and smaller wreaths 
round our heads. These exhaled a lingering scent and were cool 
and refreshing in the heat. And so a feast of welcome began which 
did not end till we left the island weeks after. Our eyes opened 
wide and our mouths watered, for the tables were loaded with 
roast suckling pigs, chickens, roast ducks, fresh lobsters, 
Polynesian fish dishes, breadfruit, papaya, and coconut milk. 
While we attacked the dishes, we were entertained by the crowd 
singing hula songs, while young girls danced round the table. 

The boys laughed and thoroughly enjoyed themselves, each of 
us looking more absurd than the next as we sat and gorged like 
starving men, with flowing beards and wreaths of flowers in our 
hair. The two chiefs were enjoying life as wholeheartedly as 
ourselves. 

After the meal there was hula dancing on a grand scale. The 
village wanted to show us their local folk dances. While we six and 
Teka and Tupuhoe were each given stools in the orchestra, two 
guitar players advanced, squatted down, and began to strum real 
South Sea melodies. Two ranks of dancing men and women, with 
rustling skirts of palm leaves round their hips, came gliding and 
wriggling forward through the ring of spectators who squatted and 
sang. They had a lively and spirited leading singer in a luxuriantly 




fat vahine, who had had one arm bitten off by a shark. At first the 
daneers seemed a little self-conscious and nervous, but when they 
saw that the white men from the pae-pae did not turn up their 
noses at their ancestors’ folk dances, the dancing became more and 
more animated. Some of the older people joined in; they had a 
splendid rhythm and could dance dances which were obviously no 
longer in common use. As the sun sank into the Pacific, the 
dancing under the pahn trees became livelier and livelier, and the 
applause of the spectators more and more spontaneous. They had 
forgotten that we who sat watching them were six strangers; we 
were now six of their own people, enjoying ourselves with them. 

The repertory was endless; one fascinating display followed 
another. Finally a crowd of young men squatted down in a close 
ring just in front of us, and at a sign from Tupuhoe they began to 
beat time rhythmically on the ground with the pahns of their 
hands. First slowly, then more quickly, and the rhythm grew more 
and more perfect when a drummer suddenly joined in and 
accompanied them, beating at a furious pace with two sticks on a 
bone-dry, hollowed block of wood which emitted a sharp, intense 
sound. When the rhythm reached the desired degree of animation, 
the singing began, and suddenly a hula girl with a wreath of 
flowers round her neck and flowers behind one ear leaped into the 
ring. She kept time to the music with bare feet and bent knees, 
swaying rhythmically at the hips and curving her arms above her 
head in true Polynesian style. She danced splendidly, and soon the 
whole assembly were beating time with their hands. Another girl 
leaped into the ring, and after her another. They moved with 
incredible suppleness in perfect rhythm, gliding round one another 




in the dance like graceful shadows. The dull beating of hands on 
the ground, the singing, and the cheerful wooden drum increased 
their tempo faster and faster and the dance grew wilder and wilder, 
while the spectators howled and clapped in perfect rhythm. 

This was the South Seas life as the old days had known it. The 
stars twinkled and the palms waved. The night was mild and long 
and full of the scent of flowers and the song of crickets. Tupuhoe 
beamed and slapped me on the shoulder. “Maitai? ” he asked. 

“Yes, maitai, ” I replied. 

“Maitai? ” he asked all the others. 

“Maitai, ” they all replied emphatically, and they all really meant 
it. 

“Maitai, ” Tupuhoe nodded, pointing to himself; he too was 
enjoying himself now. 

Even Teka thought it was a very good feast; it was the first time 
white men had been present at their dances on Raroia, he said. 
Faster and faster, faster and faster, went the rolls of the drums, the 
clapping, singing, and dancing. Now one of the girl dancers ceased 
to move round the ring and remained on the same spot, 
performing a wriggling dance at a terrific tempo with her arms 
stretched out toward Herman. Herman snickered behind his beard; 
he did not quite know how to take it. “Be a good sport,” I 
whispered. “You’re a good dancer.” 

To the boundless delight of the crowd Herman sprang into the 
ring and, half crouching, tackled all the difficult wriggling 
movements of the hula. The jubilation was unbounded. Soon 




Bengt and Torstein leaped into the danee, striving till the 
perspiration streamed down their faces to keep up with the tempo, 
which rose and rose to a furious pace till the drum alone was 
beating in one prolonged drone and the three real hula dancers 
quivering in time like aspen leaves. Then they sank down in the 
finales and the drumbeats ceased abruptly. 

Now the evening was ours. There was no end to the enthusiasm. 

The next item on the program was the bird dance, which was 
one of the oldest ceremonies on Raroia. Men and women in two 
ranks jumped forward in a rhythmic dance, imitating flocks of 
birds following a leader. The dance leader had the title of chief of 
the birds and performed curious maneuvers without actually 
joining in the dance. When the dance was over, Tupuhoe explained 
that it had been performed in honor of the raft and would now be 
repeated, but the dance leader would be relieved by myself. As the 
dance leader’s main task appeared to me to consist in uttering wild 
howls, hopping around on his haunches, wriggling his backside, 
and waving his hands over his head, I pulled the wreath of flowers 
well down over my head and marched out into the arena. While I 
was curving myself in the dance, I saw old Tupuhoe laughing till 
he nearly fell off his stool, and the music grew feeble because the 
singers and players followed Tupuhoe’s example. 

Now everyone wanted to dance, old and young alike, and soon 
the drummer and earth-beaters were there again, giving the lead to 
a fiery hula-hula dance. First the hula girls sprang into the ring and 
started the dance at a tempo that grew wilder and wilder, and then 
we were invited to dance in turn, while more and more men and 
women followed, stamping and writhing along, faster and faster. 




But Erik could not be made to stir. The drafts and damp on 
board the raft had revived his vanished lumbago and he sat like an 
old yacht skipper, stiff and bearded, puffing at his pipe. He would 
not be moved by the hula girls who tried to lure him into the arena. 
He had put on a pair of wide sheepskin trousers which he had 
worn at night in the coldest spells in the Humboldt Current, and, 
sitting under the palms with his big beard, body bare to the waist, 
and sheepskin breeches, he was a faithful copy of Robinson 
Crusoe. One pretty girl after another tried to ingratiate herself, but 
in vain. He only sat gravely puffing his pipe, with the wreath of 
flowers in his bushy hair. 

Then a well-developed matron with powerful muscles entered 
the arena, executed a few more or less graceful hula steps, and 
then marched determinedly toward Erik. He looked alarmed, but 
the amazon smiled ingratiatingly, caught him resolutely by the arm, 
and pulled him off of his stool. Erik’s comic pair of breeches had 
the sheep’s wool inside and the skin outside, and they had a rent 
behind so that a white spot of wool stuck out like a rabbit’s tail. 
Erik followed most reluctantly and limped into the ring with his 
pipe in one hand and the other pressed against the spot where his 
lumbago hurt him. When he tried to jump round, he had to let go 
of his trousers to save his wreath which was threatening to fall off, 
and then, with the wreath on one side, he had to catch hold of his 
trousers again, which were coming down of their own weight. The 
stout dame who was hobbling round in the hula in front of him 
was just as funny, and tears of laughter trickled down our beards. 
Soon all the others who were in the ring stopped, and salvos of 
laughter rang through the pahn grove as Hula Erik and the female 




heavyweight circled gracefully round. At last even they had to 
stop, because both singers and musicians had more than they could 
do to hold their sides for laughter at the comic sight. 

The feast went on till broad daylight, when we were allowed to 
have a little pause, after again shaking hands with every one of the 
127. We shook hands with every one of them every morning and 
every evening throughout our stay on the island. Six beds were 
scraped together from all the huts in the village and placed side by 
side along the wall in the meetinghouse, and in these we slept in a 
row like the seven little dwarfs in the fairy story, with sweet- 
smelling wreaths of flowers hanging above our heads. 

Next day the boy of six who had an abscess on his head seemed 
to be in a bad way. He had a temperature of 106°, and the abscess 
was as large as a man’s fist and throbbed painfully. 

Teka declared that they had lost a number of children in this way 
and that, if none of us could do any doctoring, the boy had not 
many days to live. We had bottles of penicillin in a new tablet 
form, but we did not know what dose a small child could stand. If 
the boy died under our treatment, it might have serious 
consequences for all of us. 

Knut and Torstein got the radio out again and slung up an aerial 
between the tallest coconut palms. When evening came they got in 
touch again with our unseen friends, Hal and Frank, sitting in their 
rooms at home in Los Angeles. Frank called a doctor on the 
telephone, and we signaled with the Morse key all the boy’s 
symptoms and a list of what we had available in our medical chest. 
Frank passed on the doctor’s reply, and that night we went off to 




the hut where little Haumata lay tossing in a fever with half the 
village weeping and making a noise about him. 

Herman and Knut were to do the doctoring, while we others had 
more than enough to do to keep the villagers outside. The mother 
became hysterical when we came with a sharp knife and asked for 
boiling water. All the hair was shaved off the boy’s head and the 
abscess was opened. The pus squirted up almost to the roof, and 
several of the natives forced their way in in a state of fury and had 
to be turned out. It was a grave moment. When the abscess was 
drained and sterilized, the boy’s head was bound up and we began 
the penicillin cure. For two days and nights, while the fever was at 
its maximum, the boy was treated every four hours, and the 
abscess was kept open. And each evening the doctor in Los 
Angeles was consulted. Then the boy’s temperature fell suddenly, 
the pus was replaced by plasma which was allowed to heal, and 
the boy was beaming and wanting to look at pictures from the 
white man’s strange world where there were motorcars and cows 
and houses with several floors. 

A week later Haumata was playing on the beach with the other 
children, his head bound up in a big bandage which he was soon 
allowed to take off. 

When this had gone well, there was no end to the maladies 
which cropped up in the village. Toothache and gastric troubles 
were everywhere, and both old and young had boils in one place 
or another. We referred the patients to Dr. Knut and Dr. Herman, 
who ordered diets and emptied the medicine chest of pills and 
ointments. Some were cured and none became worse, and, when 
the medicine chest was empty, we made oatmeal porridge and 




cocoa, which were admirably efficacious with hysterical women. 

We had not been among our brown admirers for many days 
before the festivities culminated in a fresh ceremony We were to 
be adopted as citizens of Raroia and receive Polynesian names. I 
myself was no longer to be Terai Mateata; I could be called that in 
Tahiti, but not here among them. 

Six stools were placed for us in the middle of the square, and 
the whole village was out early to get good places in the circle 
round. Teka sat solemnly among them; he was chief all right, but 
not where old local ceremonies were concerned. Then Tupuhoe 
took over. 

All sat waiting, silent and profoundly serious, while portly 
Tupuhoe approached solemnly and slowly with his stout knotted 
stick. He was conscious of the gravity of the moment, and the eyes 
of all were upon him as he came up, deep in thought, and took up 
his position in front of us. He was the born chief — a brilliant 
speaker and actor. 

He turned to the chief singers, drummers, and dance leaders, 
pointed at them in turn with his knotted stick, and gave them curt 
orders in low, measured tones. Then he turned to us again, and 
suddenly opened his great eyes wide, so that the large white 
eyeballs shone as bright as the teeth in his expressive copper- 
brown face. He raised the knotted stick and, the words streaming 
from his lips in an uninterrupted flow, he recited ancient rituals 
which none but the oldest members understood, because they were 
in an old forgotten dialect. 

Then he told us, with Teka as interpreter, that Tikaroa was the 




name of the first king who had established himself on the island, 
and that he had reigned over this same atoll from north to south, 
from east to west, and up into the sky above men’s heads. 

While the whole choir joined in the old ballad about King 
Tikaroa, Tupuhoe laid his great hand on my chest and, turning to 
the audience, said that he was naming me Varoa Tikaroa, or 
Tikaroa’s Spirit. 

When the song died away, it was the turn of Herman and Bengt. 
They had the big brown hand laid upon their chests in turn and 
received the names Tupuhoe-Itetahua and Topakino. These were 
the names of two old-time heroes who had fought a savage sea 
monster and killed it at the entrance to the Raroia reef. 

The drummer delivered a few vigorous rolls, and two robust 
men with knotted-up loincloths and a long spear in each hand 
sprang forward. They broke into a march in double-quick time, 
with their knees raised to their chests and their spears pointing 
upward, and turned their heads from side to side. At a fresh beat 
of the drum they leaped into the air and, in perfect rhythm, began a 
ceremonial battle in the purest ballet style. The whole thing was 
short and swift and represented the heroes’ fight with the sea 
monster. Then Torstein was named with song and ceremony ; he 
was called Maroake, after a former king in the present village, and 
Erik and Knut received the names of Tane-Matarau and Tefaunui 
after two navigators and sea heroes of the past. The long 
monotonous recitation which accompanied their naming was 
delivered at breakneck speed and with a continuous flow of 
words, the incredible rapidity of which was calculated both to 
impress and amuse. 




The ceremony was over. Once more there were white and 
bearded chiefs among the Polynesian people on Raroia. Two ranks 
of male and female dancers came forward in plaited straw skirts 
with swaying bast crowns on their heads. They danced forward to 
us and transferred the crowns from their own heads to ours; we 
had rustling straw skirts put round our waists, and the festivities 
continued. 

One night the flower-clad radio operators got into touch with the 
radio amateur on Rarotonga, who passed on a message to us from 
Tahiti. It was a cordial welcome from the governor of the French 
Pacific colonies. 

On instructions from Paris he had sent the government schooner 
“Tamara” to fetch us to Tahiti, so we should not have to wait for 
the uncertain arrival of the copra schooner. Tahiti was the central 
point of the French colonies and the only island which had contact 
with the world in general. We should have to go via Tahiti to get 
the regular boat home to our own world. 

The festivities continued on Raroia. One night some strange 
hoots were heard from out at sea, and lookout men came down 
from the pahn tops and reported that a vessel was lying at the 
entrance to the lagoon. We ran through the pahn forest and down 
to the beach on the lee side. Here we looked out over the sea in the 
opposite direction to that from which we had come. There were 
much smaller breakers on this side, which lay under the shelter of 
the entire atoll and the reef. 

Just outside the entrance to the lagoon we saw the lights of a 
vessel. Since the night was clear and starry, we could distinguish 




the outlines of a broad-beamed schooner with two masts. Was this 
the governor’s ship which was coming for us? Why did she not 
come in? 

The natives grew more and more uneasy. Now we too saw what 
was happening. The vessel had a heavy list and threatened to 
capsize. She was aground on an invisible coral reef under the 
surface. 

Tor stein got hold of a light and signaled: 

“Quel bateau? ” 

“ ‘Maoae,’” was flashed back. 

The “Maoae” was the copra schooner which ran between the 
islands. She was on her way to Raroia to fetch copra. There was a 
Polynesian captain and crew on board, and they knew the reefs 
inside out. But the current out of the lagoon was treacherous in 
darkness. It was lucky that the schooner lay under the lee of the 
island and that the weather was quiet. The list of the “Maoae” 
became heavier and heavier, and the crew took to the boat. Strong 
ropes were made fast to her mastheads and rowed in to the land, 
where the natives fastened them round coconut palms to prevent 
the schooner from capsizing. The crew, with other ropes, stationed 
themselves off the opening in the reef in their boat, in the hope of 
rowing the “Maoae” off when the tidal current ran out of the 
lagoon. The people of the village launched all their canoes and set 
out to salvage the cargo. There were ninety tons of valuable copra 
on board. Load after load of sacks of copra was transferred from 
the rolling schooner and brought on to dry land. 




At high water the “Maoae” was still aground, bumping and 
rolling against the corals until she sprang a leak. When day broke 
she was lying in a worse position on the reef than ever. The crew 
could do nothing; it was useless to try to haul the heavy 150-ton 
schooner off the reef with her own boat and the canoes. If she 
continued to lie bumping where she was, she would knock herself 
to pieces, and, if the weather changed, she would be lifted in by 
the suction and be a total loss in the surf which beat against the 
atoll. 

The “Maoae” had no radio, but we had. But it would be 
impossible to get a salvage vessel from Tahiti until the “Maoae” 
would have had ample time to roll herself into wreckage. Yet for 
the second time that month the Raroia reef was balked of its prey. 

About noon the same day the schooner “Tamara” came in sight 
on the horizon to westward. She had been sent to fetch us from 
Raroia, and those on board were not a little astonished when they 
saw, instead of a raft, the two masts of a large schooner lying and 
rolling helplessly on the reef. 

On board the “Tamara” was the French administrator of the 
Tuamotu and Tubuai groups, M. Frederic Ahnne, whom the 
governor had sent with the vessel from Tahiti to meet us. There 
were also a French movie photographer and a French telegrapher 
on board, but the captain and crew were Polynesian. M. Ahnne 
himself had been born in Tahiti of French parents and was a 
splendid seaman. He took over the command of the vessel with the 
consent of the Tahitian captain, who was delighted to be freed 
from the responsibility in those dangerous waters. While the 
‘Tamara” was avoiding a myriad of submerged reefs and eddies. 




stout hawsers were stretched between the two schooners and M. 
Ahnne began his skillful and dangerous evolutions, while the tide 
threatened to drag both vessels on to the same coral bank. 

At high tide the “Maoae” came off the reef, and the “Tamara” 
towed her out into deep water. But now water poured through the 
hull of the “Maoae,” and she had to be hauled with all speed on to 
the shallows in the lagoon. For three days the “Maoae” lay off the 
village in a sinking condition, with all pumps going day and night. 
The best pearl divers among our friends on the island went down 
with lead plates and nails and stopped the worst leaks, so that the 
“Maoae” could be escorted by the “Tamara” to the dockyard in 
Tahiti with her pumps working. 

When the “Maoae” was ready to be escorted, M. Ahnne 
maneuvered the “Tamara” between the coral shallows in the lagoon 
and across to Kon-Tiki Island. The raft was taken in tow, and then 
he set his course back to the opening with the Kon-Tiki in tow and 
the “Maoae” so close behind that the crew could be taken off if the 
leaks got the upper hand out at sea. 

Our farewell to Raroia was more than sad. Everyone who could 
walk or crawl was down on the jetty, playing and singing our 
favorite tunes as the ship’s boat took us out to the “Tamara.” 

Tupuhoe bulked large in the center, holding little Haumata by 
the hand. Haumata was crying, and tears trickled down the cheeks 
of the powerful chief. There was not a dry eye on the jetty, but 
they kept the singing and music going long, long after the breakers 
from the reef drowned all other sounds in our ears. 



Those faithful souls who stood on the jetty singing were losing 




six friends. We who stood mute at the rail of the “Tamara” till the 
jetty was hidden by the palms and the palms sank into the sea were 
losing 127. We still heard the strange music with our inner ear: 

“ — and share memories with us so that we can always be 
together, even when you go away to a far land. Good day.” 

Four days later Tahiti rose out of the sea. Not like a string of 
pearls with pahn tufts. As wild jagged blue mountains flung 
skyward, with wisps of cloud like wreaths round the peaks. 

As we gradually approached, the blue mountains showed green 
slopes. Green upon green, the lush vegetation of the south rolled 
down over rust-red hills and cliffs, till it plunged down into deep 
ravines and valleys running out toward the sea. When the coast 
came near, we saw slender palms standing close packed up all the 
valleys and all along the coast behind a golden beach. Tahiti was 
built by old volcanoes. They were dead now and the coral polyps 
had slung their protecting reef about the island so that the sea 
could not erode it away. 

Early one morning we headed through an opening in the reef 
into the harbor of Papeete. Before us lay church spires and red 
roofs half hidden by the foliage of giant trees and palm tops. 
Papeete was the capital of Tahiti, the only town in French Oceania. 
It was a city of pleasure, the seat of government, and the center of 
all traffic in the eastern Pacific. 

When we came into the harbor, the population of Tahiti stood 
waiting, packed tight like a gaily colored living wall. News spreads 
like the wind in Tahiti, and the pae-pae which had come from 
America was something everyone wanted to see. 




The Kon-Tiki was given the plaee of honor alongside the shore 
promenade, the mayor of Papeete weleomed us, and a little 
Polynesian girl presented us with an enormous wheel of Tahitian 
wild flowers on behalf of the Polynesian Society. Then young girls 
came forward and hung sweet- smelling white wreaths of flowers 
round our necks as a welcome to Tahiti, the pearl of the South 
Seas. 

There was one particular face I was looking for in the multitude, 
that of my old adoptive father in Tahiti, the chief Teriieroo, head of 
the seventeen native chiefs on the island. He was not missing. Big 
and bulky, and as bright and alive as in the old days, he emerged 
from the crowd calling, “Terai Mateata!” and beaming all over his 
broad face. He had become an old man, but he was the same 
impressive chieftainly figure. 

“You come late,” he said smiling, “but you come with good 
news. Your pae-pae has in truth brought blue sky (terai mateata) 
to Tahiti, for now we know where our fathers came from.” 

There was a reception at the governor’s palace and a party at the 
town hall, and invitations poured in from every corner of the 
hospitable island. 

As in former days, a great feast was given by the chief Teriieroo 
at his house in the Papeno Valley which I knew so well, and, as 
Raroia was not Tahiti, there was a new ceremony at which Tahitian 
names were given those who had none before. 

Those were carefree days under sun and drifting clouds. We 
bathed in the lagoon, climbed in the mountains, and danced the 
hula on the grass under the palms. The days passed and became 




weeks. It seemed as if the weeks would become months before a 
ship came which could take us home to the duties that awaited us. 

Then came a message from Norway saying that Lars Christensen 
had ordered the 4,000-tonner “Thor I” to proceed from Samoa to 
Tahiti to pick up the expedition and take it to America. 

Early one morning the big Norwegian steamer glided into 
Papeete harbor, and the Kon-Tiki was towed out by a French naval 
craft to the side of her large compatriot, which swung out a huge 
iron arm and lifted her small kinsman up on to her deck. Loud 
blasts of the ship’s siren echoed over the pahn-clad island. Brown 
and white people thronged the quay of Papeete and poured on 
board with farewell gifts and wreaths of flowers. We stood at the 
rail stretching out our necks like giraffes to get our chins free from 
the ever growing load of flowers. 

“If you wish to come back to Tahiti,” Chief Teriieroo cried as 
the whistle sounded over the island for the last time, “you must 
throw a wreath out into the lagoon when the boat goes!” 

The ropes were cast off, the engines roared, and the propeller 
whipped the water green as we slid sideways away from the quay. 

Soon the red roofs disappeared behind the palms, and the palms 
were swallowed up in the blue of the mountains which sank like 
shadows into the Pacific. 

Waves were breaking out on the blue sea. We could no longer 
reach down to them. White trade-wind clouds drifted across the 
blue sky. We were no longer traveling their way. We were defying 
Nature now. We were going back to the twentieth century which 




lay so far, far away. 

But the six of us on deck, standing beside our nine dear balsa 
logs, were grateful to be all alive. And in the lagoon at Tahiti six 
white wreaths lay alone, washing in and out, in and out, with the 
wavelets on the beach. 




APPENDIX 



MY MIGRATION THEORY, AS SUCH, WAS NOT 
NECESSARILY proved by the successful outcome of the Kon-Tiki 
expedition. What we did prove was that the South American balsa 
raft possesses qualities not previously known to scientists of our 
time, and that the Pacific islands are located well inside the range 
of prehistoric craft from Peru. Primitive people are capable of 
undertaking immense voyages over the open ocean. The distance 
is not the determining factor in the case of oceanic migrations but 
whether the wind and the current have the same general course day 
and night, all the year round. The trade winds and the Equatorial 
Currents are turned westward by the rotation of the earth, and this 
rotation has never changed in all the history of mankind. 




INDEX 




^rto, see Alvarez 
inne, M. Frederic 
r Force laboratory 
r Material Command 
varez, Captain Agurto Alexis 
nazon expedition 
nbjorg 

nerican military attache in Ecuador 

nundsen, Christian 

ides 

igatau 

igelo 

itarctic 

Its 

abia 

my supply department 
;ia 

lands 




istralia 

lees 




ihr, Consul General 
Lj'kov, Dr. A. D. 
lisa rafts 

lisa trees, wood, logs; see also Kon-Tiki 

mboos, giant 

mdidos 

ink of Norway 

irnaeles 

:hre. Professor 

;ngt, see Danielsson 

;rg, Egil 

ig-ears” 

rd danee 

ae shark 

ae whale 

)nito 

)obies 

)ttle gourd 

itish Columbia 

itish Military Mission in Washington 
ooklyn 




own shark 

yhn, Consul General 

ichwald, Don Federico von; Don Gustavo von 
Lstamante y Rivero, Don Jose (President of Peru) 




Lchalot 

dlao 

inary Islands 

iri 

irl 

Lucasus 

;nterboards 

;ntral America 

licago, university at 

lile 

lina 

iristensen, Lars 
)ca plant 

)Conut, coconut palm 

)elenterates 

)hen, Dr. Benjamin 

)lossi on Easter Island 

)lumbia University 

)lumbus 




)ok, Captain 
)ok Islands 
)pepods 
)pra 

)quimbo Valley 
bwrie” 
osby, Bing 
levas, Frank 
imulo-nimbus 

irrents: Humboldt South Equatorial; crosscurrents off Peruvian 
coast; toward Central America; around Galapagos Islands 
ittlefish (squid) 




ingerous (or Low) Archipelago 

inielsson, Bengt; joins expedition at Lima; takes seventy-three 
books with him on raft; pursues sea turtle; as steward is 
responsible for rations; restricted to special provisions by way of 
experiment; concussion in stranding of raft; salvages kitchen 
utensils; goes as envoy to chief on Raroia; dances the hula; receives 
Polynesian name 
sney, Walt 
ving basket 
)lphin (dorado) 

)lphin (toothed whale) 




E 



ster Island 

uador 

Is 

:ypt 

ik, see Hesselberg 
kimos 

plorers Club 
ye of heaven” 

ye which looks toward heaven” 




ngahina 
tu Hiva 
nua Kon-Tiki 
anmark 
re-Tiki 
y^ing fish 

ireign liaison section of War Department 
ed Olsen Line 
euchen, Peter 




igate birds 




ilapagos Islands 
?mpylus 

jrmans invade Norway 

jrmany 

jstapo 

ant bamboos 
ant ray 

over, Admiral 
rolden navel” 
eat Bear 
eat Rapa 
eenland 

eenwich Village 
mrdian Rios 
layaquil 
layas, Rio 



H 




lakon, King 
l1, see Kemp el 
irpoon 

Lskin, Colonel 

Lugland, Knut; war experiences; agrees to join expedition; arrives in 
New York; at Lima; experiments with radio aerials; sights whale 
shark; radio under difficulties; has a swim with a shark; establishes 
radio contacts; rescues Watzinger; goes ashore on Angatau; he and 
Watzinger treat sick boy with penicillin; receives Polynesian name 
Lumata 
Lwaii 

;ad-hunters 
;avy water sabotage 
;rman, see Watzinger 
;rmit crabs 

jsselberg, Erik; agrees to join expedition; coming by sea from Oslo 
to Panama; arrives at Lima; takes position of raft; harpoons whale 
shark; occupations on board; has idea of diving basket; develops 
photographs; navigates raft along Angatau reef; attacked by eels 
becomes a hula dancer; receives Polynesian name 
ti 

)tu Matua 
ila dancing 
imboldt Current 



I 




Lianas 

a-Tiki 

) 

cas 

dia 

dians (South American); see also Incas 

donesia 

donesian race 

omoea batatas 




pan 

ilyfish 

hannes 

rge 




ima 

me 

lyak 

impel, Harold 




rkenes 

lut, see Haugland 

)ngo 

m-Tiki 

m-Tiki (raft) construction; pessimism of foreign observers, and 
Norwegian seamen; trial trip in harbor; christened; towed out to 
sea; performance in heavy sea; logs’ absorption of water; strain on 
ropes; course changes; daily life on raft; tropical garden on board ; 
invaded by small crabs; floating aquarium under raft; comic 
appearance at sea; masters heavy storm; weaker in joints after 
storm; stranding on Raroia reef; brought into lagoon; towed to 
Tahiti; shipped on board “Thor I” 

)n-Tiki Island 

i 

ikara 

mar a potato; see sweet potato 
ira 




'.genaria vulgaris 
mour, Dorothy 
tacunga 
wis, Colonel 



2B 




mas 

s, Trygve 
tna 

ttle Rapa 

ong-ears” 

mo 

IS Angeles 

iw {or Dangerous) Archipelago 
imsden, Colonel 




achete knives 
alaya 

alayan peoples 
angareva 
laoae” 
aroake 

arquesas Islands 

ita-Kite-Rani 

ita-Rani 

aui 

auri 

ayas 

slanesian peoples 
steorological Institute 




sxico 

ilitary Mission in Washington, British 

Dnoliths; see Easter Island 

anthe of Morgenstierne, Wilhelm von 

anthe-Kaas, Colonel Otto 

armansk 




itional Geographic Society 
ival Hydrographic Institute 
ival War School (Peru) 

[avel, golden” 

[avel of the islands” 
jw York 
jw Zealand 
eto, Manuel 
)rdmark 

)rthwest Indians 
)rway 

)rwegian ambassador; Embassy 

)rwegian consul general in Ecuador in Peru 

)rwegian military attache in Washington; assistant 

)rwegian Sailors’ Home 

)todden 




o 



;topus 

»lo 

jsining 
lia Valley 
/iedo 




le-pae 

lenque, Rio 

1ms, see coconut 

nama 

ni 

pa 

peete 

peno Valley 

rrots; Kon-Tiki parrot 

nicillin 

ntagon building 
ru 

ruvian air minister; Foreign Ministry; minister of marine; naval 




attache in Washington; President 
trels 

jj^^o-plankton 

iot fish 

tcairn Island 

^arro 

mkton 

siades 

lie Star 

ilynesia, Polynesians 

olynesia and America: A Study of Prehistoric Relations” 

ilynesian Society 

irpoises, 

itatoes 

esident of Peru 
imus stove 
ika Puka 
ira 

xamids 




rartermaster general’s laboratory 

levedo 

iito 




R 



L 

laby, Torsteinwar experiences agrees to join expedition; arrives in 
New York; sent by air to Lima; experiments with radio aerials; fish 
in sleeping bag; pursues sea turtle; radio under difficulties; 
restricted to special provisions by way of experiment; adventures 
with dolphins establishes radio contacts; sleeping bag goes 
overboard; sends out radio messages just before stranding; dances 
the hula; receives Polynesian name 
idio 

idio Amateur League of America 
dnbow belt 
ingi 
mi 

ipa Iti 

ipa Nui 

iroia 

irotonga 

Ltions 

ly, giant 

;mora 

jveredo, General 
ukan 
)ggeveen 
)ngo 

mgo-rongo 




)rholt, Bjorn 

ibber boat; Kon-Tiki s dinghy 
issians in Norway 



S 



iling Directions for Pacific Islands; for South America 

ilors’ Home, Norwegian 

mo a 

rdines 

orpions 

a slugs 

a turtles 

aweed 

Lark powder 

Larks; blue; brown whale 

hort-ears” 

beria 

;ua 

Lake mackerel 
Lakes 

luth Equatorial Current 
luth Sea islands 
•aniards 

[uid (cuttlefish) 
arfish 




sering of raft on river; of Kon-Tiki 

3ne Age 

in-Tiki 

^eden 

^edish-Finnish Amazon expedition 

^eet potato 

^ordfish 




hiti 

kume 

amara” 

ne-Matarau 

ngaroa 

ranga 

faunui 

i Tetua 

ka 

-Pito-te-Henua 

piuraiarii Teriifaatau 

rai Mateata 

riieroo 

hor I” 

ahuanaco 

karoa 




ki 

irpitz” 
ticaca, Lake 
ngatabu 
pakino 

rstein, see Raaby 
ade wind 
ondheim 
lamotu group 
ibuai group 
inny 

Lpak Yupanqui 
Lpuhoe 

Lpuhoe-Itetahua 




lited Nations 
)psala University 
mkehu 



V 




TO a Tikaroa 
king ships 
rakocha 
lid, Gerd 




ar Department, Ameriean; foreign liaison section; Geographical 

Research Committee 

ashington 

ater Street 

ater supply 

atzinger, Herman; meets author in New York, helps to organize 

expedition in U.S. and flies with him to Ecuador; waits for timber 

at Guayaquil; injured at Lima; captures Gempylus pursues sea 

turtle; technical chief on raft; measures squalls with anemometer; 

falls overboard and is rescued by Haugland; sights land; attacked 

by eels; dances the hula; he and Haugland treat sick boy with 

penicillin; receives Polynesian name 

sather Bureau, U.S. 

hale Shark 

hales 

ilhehn 




Y 



cht Club, Callao 




rate 

I o -plankton 



