The Revolt of Mamie Stover Parti of a New Novel William Bradford Huie A SIX-FOOT-TALL, yellow-haired . whore from Mississippi was the most successful revolutionary of the Second War. Her name was Mamie Stover. She made a fortune. The war wasn't a disaster for her; it was an opportunity. It multiplied the demand for her merchandise. It brought her long lines of eager new customers. It made her a partner, then a pensioner of government. It offered her the chance to revolt against onerous old restraints, to rise in the world, to acquire property, to feel important. And more skillfully than any of her competitors, Mamie Stover used the opportunities of war to make herself rich and comfortable. I first met Mamie Stover on the night of May ix, 1939. We were on a freighter out of Los Angeles bound for Honolulu. About midnight I went to the wardroom for coffee, and there I found this tall girl, quite alone, just sitting there, sipping coffee and taking long, slow drags off a cigaret. "Oh, hello," I said. I was surprised. I had thought I was the only passenger aboard. She gave me the merest glance and no answer and I felt irritated. The wardroom of a freighter isn't the grand salon of a liner; it's a small room where one should be civil. I went to the Silex and poured my coffee, creamed and sugared it, and since there was only the one table, I sat down at the end, as far as I could comfortably get from this girl who wished to be left alone. My irritation subsided, however, as I began to examine her. She had been beaten up. Some man had beaten her in the face, and she hadn't liked it. Her cheeks were swollen both from the blows and from her crying; one eye was bruised; her shoulders sagged; the corners of her mouth drooped; but there were needlepoint flashes of hate in her eyes. Whoever had hit her had not escaped her claws, but god, she had taken a beating. Her hair was extraordinary: it was a golden blonde. It didn't look faded or streaked or artificially white, like the hair of most blondes; it was a vivid, luxuriant yellow, and it tumbled down onto her shoulders in coils. Her height, too, was unusual. Even as she sat there, before I saw her stand erect, I knew she must be near six feet. There was the long line of her back, long arms, long hands, and big, high-hung breasts. She was neither frail nor fat; she was a big woman with a body proportioned to six feet of height. She had a large, sensual, pouting mouth; her gray eyes were big and set far apart. Her makeup was heavy, almost theatrical, but I decided that this was an effort to cover her one  startling blemish: there was a ragged, fresh scar on her left cheek. She looked, as a matter of fact, something like Lizabeth Scott. Except taller and meaner and with more, longer and yellower hair. Not like Lauren Bacall; her features were finer, more feminine than Bacall's. She twisted her mouth when she exhaled smoke, like Alice Faye. At first I guessed that she had been in burlesque, or a stripper and bar girl in some joint, but as I watched her I changed my guess. She hadn't had it quite that tough; she had worked as a model or had been a fairly well-kept adventuress. She wore a black slack suit with a sea-green blouse and a bolero jacket. The suit needed cleaning but it was quality. Like Magnin's or Bullock's Wilshire. I thought that perhaps her man had been a gambler or a promoter — the man who had beaten her in the face and thrown her out. Now, obviously, she was lost. For when a man hits a woman hard in the face he destroys much of her value forever. If she fights back Editor's Note: This is the first of three books which the new MERCURY will run serially in its next twelve issues. The authors also will be regular contributors of short stories and articles to these pages. 1 1 3 she becomes a snarling dog. If she doesn't fight back she becomes a whimpering dog. In either case she loses value which she can never regain. This girl had snarled and fought back; then she had been crushed. The chief engineer, a goodnatured Pole named Gorecki, came in and spoke to tne. "You writing some more stories?' ' he asked. The freighter belonged to the Hawaiian Fruit Company, and I had ridden it twice before. The officers knew I was a writer who lived in Hawaii and who was a friend of some of the ship's owners. "Yeah, trying to, Gorecki. How's it outside?" "Rough and raining." He didn't speak to the girl; just got his coffee and came and sat by me. "How long you been on the Mainland this time?" "Too long," I answered. "About three months." "Guess you're anxious to get back to the islands?" "Yeah. Makapuu Point'll look good to me." "Where you been?" "Hollywood. I been working on a story there." The girl raised her head and for the first time looked directly at me. She was quite young. I judge women's ages by their necks, and I knew she couldn't  be more than twenty-one or -two. Yet already she was a discarded bundle of despair and hate, with an ugly scar on her face. "I can't understand it," Gorecki was saying. "A young, clean-looking fellow like you who knows all the high-ups and who can live there in Hollywood with all them women — why the hell you want to live out in the islands?" I chuckled. "A man's got to have some place where he can feel at home. I never could feel at home in Hollywood — even with all the women. I like to go there to work occasionally, but then I want to get out in a hurry." "Why?" "Too tough. Dog eat dog. Too many people figuring angles twenty-four hours a day in order to survive. Too many automobiles trying to get too many places. I don't have that sort of ambition. I'd rather live out in the islands and have a few friends and preserve my digestion. Besides, I'm not so young. Thirty. You can be an old man at thirty." Gorecki still didn't understand. "You know this Marlene Dietrich?" he asked. "I've met her." "Ever been up close to her?" "Reasonably." "She as good as she looks?" "Yeah." For Gorecki's satisfaction I nodded like I knew something. Gorecki smote the table with the flat of his hand. "Jesus Christ! I saw that picture three times where she sang that song and wore them long black stockings and that black garter belt. You see it? The one where she sat on that piano and pulled her legs up and showed them big white thighs with them black straps around 'em? Good God A'mighty!" The girl got up and walked out. She was even taller than I had expected. At least six feet and perhaps a hundred fifty pounds. Her big, high-hung breasts became defiant as she walked. Her well-tailored slacks and red, built-up shoes accentuated her height and her longleggedness. Gorecki motioned his head in her direction as she went out. "There's a lotta woman, too. Take a good man to stand up to that, wouldn't it? But she's not talking. Coupl'a private dicks brought her aboard last night just before we sailed. They talked with the old man. Today she didn't come out of her quarters all day. Tonight she was walking on the deck in the rain but she wouldn't speak to no  body. The old man told us to leave her alone." "Damaged cargo, eh?" "Yeah. I'd say some big shot there in L. A. wanted to get rid of her. She don't look like she's on no pleasure cruise. She looks like a lost ball in high weeds." "She's built like a racehorse." "You said it. She didn't have on them pants when she came aboard last night. She had on a dress and it was blowing. Boy, she's stacked. She's got legs like Marlene Dietrich except more of 'em." "How do you suppose she got that scar on her cheek?" "Knuckle duster. I've seen 'em before. A knuckle duster always leaves a ragged scar. And the man who hit her wasn't holding nothing back; he really smashed her one." Gorecki went to the Silex and poured himself another cup of coffee. "There'll be just one place for her in the islands," he said. "Across the river. She ought to do all right. A scar like that always helps a big, young, yellow-headed whore; it just makes her look meaner and hotter. Maybe I'll go over and see her myself. I got up. "Yeah. Maybe I will, too. Goodnight, Gorecki." I went back to my quarters. The rain beat against the window and the lightning flashed. " 5 When I had crawled into the lower bunk and switched off the light I thought of that big, beaten-up girl lying alone in the darkness in another bunk and the thought made me feel lonelier than usual. I hoped she was asleep; I hoped she wasn't crying; I hoped she was too simple, too insensitive to cry except at the physical pain of being hit. •x TEXT DAY about ten I went to -L\| the wardroom for breakfast. Rain was still falling in sheets; it was dark and blowing; the ship was wallowing along at twelve knots. I read the radio operator's news bulletins with my eggs: Hitler and Tommy Manville and Dizzy Dean. I went back to my room and worked for a while, but by four o'clock I was so depressed that I began to nip on a bottle of Old Crow. The weather was wretched. After dinner the skipper persuaded me into a poker game. I played until midnight and lost fifty dollars. Aboard ship I always lose at poker. I don't know why it is. I've played poker over most of the world, and on land or in the air I can hold my own, even win a little. But not at sea. At sea I invariably lose. I suppose it's due to that relaxation which one feels aboard ship. Most women are said to yield themselves more readily aboard  ship than anywhere else. I suppose it's the same with me and poker. At sea I can be had more easily; I lose some of my ability to detect guile; I'm more inclined to accept things for what they appear to be; I relax my suspicions. I guess that's why I can't win at shipboard poker. Back in my room I uncorked another bottle of Old Crow and sat down at my typewriter. The ship rolled. I've drunk Old Crow for years because when I was a young reporter hanging around state houses down South the politicians used to give it to me. It's good bourbon, hundred proof, and the old black crow used to fascinate me when I was drunk. Once when I was sick and drunk after covering an electrocution I suddenly began flinging all the black crows in the room out the window. An exasperated cop came up to arrest me, but he was a good guy and we talked and I had three bottles left and I gave them to him and he went away. He thought I was crazy for wasting so much good whisky on a pavement eight stories below. Besides, I might have killed somebody. Now, in May 1939, I had for five years written only books and magazine stories with an occasional screen play. In 1937 I had built a small home in Hawaii, and I was returning there after a stint in Hollywood. My magazine editors thought I worked better in the islands than anywhere else. The day before I left Hollywood one of them had telephoned me some advice from New York. "Listen, Jim, " he said, "your stuff has always been honest and real but it's been hopeful. You've got a reputation as a hopeful writer. Your readers expect hope. But lately I think I detect a somber, sardonic note creeping into your best work. Sure I know times are tough, but times have always been tough, and we need hope now more than ever. I think your trouble is that you are staying in Hollywood too much. For Christ's sake get out of there and go on back to the islands. Breathe some ginger-scented air; lie on a beach; eat a pineapple; caress your Polynesian sweetheart; and write good, hopeful, inspiring stuff. You've got a Polynesian sweetheart, haven't you?" "Not at the moment." "Well, get one immediately. That's what was wrong with Nietzsche, you know. He never had an Italian sweetheart. He never had a real woman. No wonder he was a sourpuss. I don't want to run any risk with   you. You're a healthy Southerner with a long view and a sense of humor and I want you to stay that way. So go on back to the islands and quit thinking about war and politics and write something hopeful." I was going back to the islands and try to keep my long view and sense of humor. I took another long tilt at that old black-beaked bastard, then Mamie Stover tapped at my door. I knew it was she; I know the sound of a woman's tap on a door late at night; I suppose I had been expecting her. I was startled nevertheless when I opened the door. She was standing there on those long legs and high heels, and since I was wearing only straw slides on my bare feet, she towered over me by a good five inches. A man is always startled, perhaps a bit frightened, when he confronts a woman who looks down at him. "Can you give me a drink?" she asked. "Sure, come on in." She was still wearing the black slack suit, but she had put on a fresh white blouse which was open at the neck.She looked much neater than the night before. She had brushed that coiling yellow hair; she had made up carefully; some of the swelling seemed to have gone from her face; but the black bruise was still visible under her right eye. She sat down on the bunk and lighted a cigaret while I poured whisky and water. "You'll have to take it British style — no ice." "That's okay." I looked closely at her hands as I gave her the glass. Long fingers. No rings. No hard work. A fresh coat of light nail polish. She raised the glass and deliberately, expertly let half its contents slide down her throat. She wasn't a sipper; she was a drinker. "I'm sorry I didn't speak to you last night," she said. "I didn't mean to be rude. I just . . . I wasn't feeling well." "Sure, I know how it is." "I'd been crying and I was afraid if I talked I'd start crying again." "I understood." "But I've quit crying now. I've cried enough." Her voice was soft and Southern; her big soft mouth was a healthy red and white; her hair looked soft and yellow and luxuriant. I felt sorry for her. She was a big, voluptuous human thing who had been used, soiled, beaten in the face, then tossed out on the rubbish heap. But it isn't easy to feel sorry for a yellow-haired girl who is six feet tall. It's easy to feel sorry  for the little people of the world — for the mousy little girl who is crying because she's been hit by the drunken sailor — but you feel instinctively that the big blonde ones could have looked after themselves. And while I was at once sorry for this girl, I couldn't immediately regard her as being tragic. Only a comparatively few men and women are complex and sensitive enough to suffer real tragedy; only the few who yearn and aspire and hope and strive have the capacity for tragedy; and I didn't believe this girl was among this group. What had happened to her was a shame, but was it also a tragedy? She was like a lost, hurt kitten — a rather large kitten — that mews at your feet in the rain. You are sorry for the kitten; youwishthat the carriage hadn't run over it and broken its leg; you wish someone would take it away and chloroform it; if it drags itself to your door you'll give it a saucer of milk; you feel miserable about it; but you feel no deep sense of tragedy. This girl had wept in loneliness and misfortune, but a dog will howl when it's lonely and surely no dog can be tragic. A primitive, uncivilized human being can't suffer tragedy, nor can the simple, insensitive ones who are partly civilized. Only the most highly civilized, the most sensitive can be tragic; the others can only be pathetic. Yet there were evidences of spirit and value in this girl. There were those flashes in her eyes, that tilt to her head, and that erect posture by which she projected her high-hung breasts. She had fought back. She had fire. She was big but she was a scrapper. So perhaps she was more than the kitten wounded by the carriage. Perhaps she was the mastiff wounded in the battle with the bear. The kitten would deserve only pity and the saucer of milk and the chloroform, but the mastiff would deserve to have his wounds bandaged, to be given a chance to recover. Maybe she wasn't the heroic, sensitive man or woman who is wounded in the battle with Evil and whom an honor- : able man must aid even at the cost of his life. But she might be the mastiff. As I talked with her, I tried to appear not to notice her scar. It was a new scar, ragged and three inches long, running diagonally from under her left eye across her cheek. It was completely healed, but even under her makeup it was still red and ugly. "You're wondering about the scar and the bruises, aren't you?" she asked.   119 I nodded. "I'm wondering about you. Why don't you tell me?" I filled her glass again. "Why should I bother you with my troubles? You don't care." "Everybody cares a little bit about everybody else, I guess," I said. "And in my case let's say it's business. I'm a writer, and a writer is like a doctor. He earns his living out of other people's troubles. He just listens to troubles and makes notes. I used to write for True Tales. I got my material by listening to the troubles of bar girls in New Orleans." "You mean the folks in True Tales don't really write the stories?" "Of course not. True Tales are written by drunken writers who are behind with their rent. I wrote them to help pay the rent when I was making twenty dollars a week on a newspaper." She liked that. She even tried to smile. She leaned back on a pillow in the bunk, stretched out one long leg, and drained her glass. "About two hours ago," she said, looking at the glass, "I realized I've got to snap out of it. I got to make a fight of it. I got nothing to go back to; I got nothing to look forward to; but I've got to fight. And if I'm to live and fight I got to have somebody to talk to. I got to find a man. I'm that kind. I hate other women and I hate being alone. That means I have to have a man to live. So I decided to look for you. I found you in there playing poker — I could see you through the doorway — and I waited and followed you here. I hoped I'd find you alone." I thought of the kitten in the rain again. Or was it the mastiff? I wished that she had knocked on some other door — on Gorecki's door; he could have helped her — but here she was, and I had to proffer the saucer of milk. .. . or the bandages. "All right," I said. "Let's make a game of it. I'll tell you your story. You give me a few facts, then I'll build the flashbacks like we do it sometimes in Hollywood. I'll tell the story and you make the corrections. Okay?" "Sure, if you think you can do it." "I can. Name?" "Mamie Stover." ;'Age?" "Twenty-two." "Been married?" "No." "A child?" "No." "Occupation?" She hesitated. "Maybe I could say 'actress' because I did appear  in two pictures. I been in Hollywood three years. But I'm not really an actress. Maybe I better just say 'none.' "Yeah. You mean the camera examined your hair and your chest in two pictures. You were a member of the sultan's "hahreem.' Or you dangled over a swimming pool in a color shot. You were listed briefly among '* the 'starlets.' Well, in New '"• York women like that call themselves 'models' or 'entertainers'; in Hollywood they are 'extras' or 'proteges' or 'starlets.' But it usually adds up to just 'man hunter' or 'man's woman,' doesn't it?" She exhaled a stream of smoke. "Man hunter is close enough for me." "Born?" "Leesburg, Mississippi." "That's in the Delta, isn't it? Up toward Memphis?" "Yeah." "Occupation of parent?" "Barber." "That's enough for this sequence," I said. "Now you watch it as it rolls." I put my feet up on the table and began talking swiftly, perfunctorily. "Three years ago, in May 1936, Mamie Stover was graduating from Leesburg High School. She was the prettiest girl in the class but not the happiest nor the smartest nor the most popular. In fact, she was quite unhappy — and for several reasons. She was Cinderella without the gown and coach; she had to work in chimney corners. She didn't have pretty clothes because Tom Stover, the barber, never had any money, and if he did he either drank it up or gave it to that hussy who lived up near the cemetery. When Mamie complained, Tom would cuss, then slap her down. So Mamie was a resentful girl. She resented being slapped, and she resented the sight of plain, ugly, flat-chested girls wearing the clothes which she, Mamie Stover, deserved by natural right. And she was unhappy because she was tall and big. She envied the cute little girls who could giggle and look up at halfbacks and make them feel heroic. Mamie never giggled; and she could only look down at halfbacks. At recess she was never in the midst of the laughing, gossiping group; she walked apart with one or two of the older, less attractive girls and sometimes with one of the brawnier boys who played tackle and who was from an older class. ... " As 1 RECITED this, Mamie Stover x l- stirred restlessly. She got up, poured a drink, and stood on her long legs at the window. "But Mamie Stover had her   I I I looks," I continued. "Nobody denied that. In her basketball uniform or in a bathing suit or in a blue cotton dress walking past the courthouse, Mamie made the men turn around, gawk, hitch up their pants, and scratch theirselves. She was elected Miss Leesburg without opposition, and a Memphis photographer took her picture for the high school annual. And she had plenty of older men after her — guys who called her 'Flaming Mamie' and who told each other that she looked 'hot as a smokestack.' But these weren't the Smart Young Boys Who Were Going Somewhere; these were the tough, older fellows who worked in garages or hung around the sheriff's office, and they wanted to take Mamie to the woods and get her down in a back seat. And this worried Mamie's best friend, her mother, Bessie Stover, who cooked, washed, sewed, gardened, prayed, sang, bore children, and made a new dress for herself every seven years." I stopped for a drink. "Corrections?" "My father's name is John, not Tom. My mother's name is Leona." "Okay. Corrections made. Next sequence. Who sponsored the beauty contest? The Legion or the Elks?" "Neither one. It was the Cotton Festival." "Good. A good situation. Southern belles and mint juleps and Ol' Man Rivah and banjers and party dresses. You were a Maid o' Cotton. A fresh bloom from the Delta. Leona Stover begged and stole to make those dresses that Miss Leesburg would need for the carnival. And Mamie Stover marched down Main Street in your redwhite-and-blue pants while the folks hollered and the bands played Dixie. You stuck your chest out so far that one old codger on the curb chirped: 'Look' a yonder, boys! Thet gal's got tits big as mushmelons!' You rode on a float in a white cotton dress with the flag in one hand and a stalk of long-staple cotton in the other. And finally you put on the highheeled shoes and the white cotton bathing suit — the one the big store had given you. You made that suit bulge in all the right places and what caused the bulges wasn't cotton, either. You pranced in front of the judges three times while the extras cheered and whistled. Then the mayor hisself set the crown on your head and bussed you on the cheek while the flash bulbs popped. You were Miss Cotton and a thousand editors yawned and decided whether to P give your picture one column or two." "The mayor was sick and couldn't be there," she interrupted. "So he had the governor to crown me." I was getting a little drunk. "That's too bad about Mistah Mayor," I said. "It spoils the shot. He looks like a Foxy Grandpa. He ought to be in there. But we can change that. Let's go on. The magic wand had been waved. Cinderella Stover, the barber's daughter, had become a queen. The Cotton Queen. She was a-goin' to Hollywood to become a Movie Queen. She had a Big Contract. One year at seventy-five dollars a week. Nobody noticed the one year; just that fabulous seventyfive dollars a week. John Stover had never made twenty a week, so Mamie was rich as well as famous. The big store gave her clothes and she posed in the corner window. She was taken over by a press agent, and with the agent was a fancy frau who was going to escort Cinderella on the magic carpet to Fairyland. Over Cinderella's picture in the local Clarion was this caption : EMBARKS ON MOVIE CAREER. In 14-point Gothic that fits perfectly on a two-column cut. Cinderella's coach was an American Airlines airplane. It was a big day at the airport. Leona Stover and John Stover and the photographers were there to bid Cinderella goodbye. And when the door on that airplane closed, Mamie Stover was trapped. She had joined the fairies; she could never go back to the mortals. She could never live in Leesburg again; she could never marry a filling station operator or a deputy sheriff; she could never have babies tugging at her big breasts. It was all or nothing; the Rubicon et cetera." Mamie Stover had removed her jacket and was lying propped up on a pillow against the wall in the lower bunk. She emptied her glass again and said: "You seem to know the formula pretty well." "Why shouldn't I? I've worked on newspapers that sponsor beauty contests. Except we never called them beauty contests; we called them 'tit lotteries.' I know about the lucky Cinderellas with yearning hearts, long legs, and protruding chests who win Big Contracts. I've escorted them to airports; I've seen them mount the magic carpet; I've watched airplane doors close behind them. And I've been around Hollywood enough to know that one in five thousand hits the jackpot. The rest either go back home fast or they get hurt."   "Then you know what happened to me?" "Sure. I'll need just one more answer to complete the flashback. Who were the boys who brought you aboard this ship?" She hesitated again, then answered: "Carroll Craft's bodyguards." I laughed and shook my head. It wasn't a mirthful laugh but the laugh which comes when you consider a puzzle and suddenly notice that the answer is ridiculously easy. "That makes it simple," I said. "Mr. Carroll Craft! The Sheik of the Sahara! The Bandit of the Bayous! Yeah, this one's easy. When Miss Cotton left home she was a queen, but when the magic carpet arrived in Hollywood, she was a grain of wheat in the seasonal crop of yellow hair and big tits. Beauty contest winners were a dime a dozen. The guy who had signed her to the Big Contract knew this, but what the hell, she was only an item in his budget. His studio got five times as much free advertising out of her as she cost him. And the fancy frau wised her up. 'This ain't Mississippi, honey chile. It's tough out here and you gotta get Connections.' "Miss Cotton was sent over to amuse the great Carroll Craft and his gangster pals; Louella Parsons hinted at a romance; The Hollywood Reporter said the Cotton Queen would appear in Craft's next picture, the Bastard of Baghdad. And she did — that hah-reem shot. Then her year ran out and nobody picked up the option. Craft and his boys were tired of her because a new crop of contest winners with even bigger breasts was arriving every month. Mamie Stover became just another prop around great houses; a plaything which stood by and looked hot until some Man-of-Power got bored with gin rummy, took her upstairs, then returned to his gin rummy without asking what her name was. When she was being 'considered' for a picture she was summoned to the office at 5130 in the afternoon. The examination was made on a casting couch, and she left with twenty bucks and a promise to let-her-know. And this wasn't too bad because Miss Cotton was lonely and hungry and needed her men. "Finally, however, she also needed another abortion, and she went to Craft's house one night to ask for money. He was drunk; he had her without bothering to take off his shoes; then he began beating her. Only this time he wasn't satisfied just to use his fists. The great swashbuckler wanted to see blood.  When she scratched his face he socked her with a pair of knucks and tore her cheek open. The bodyguard got her out, a pharmacist clamped up the cut and performed the abortion, and she starved for a month while the cut healed. Then she began trying to sneak back into Craft's house to beg for money to hire a surgeon to erase the scar, but the guards drove her off. When it looked as if a little bad publicity might develop, the guards beat her up, packed her up, brought her to a ship, paid her passage, gave her fifty bucks, and warned her not to come back." I GOT UP and took a straight drink. "How's that? Any changes necessary?" "Not enough to bother with," she said. "You make it sound like it happens every day." "Yeah." I had recited this story with little resentment. It isn't extraordinary. Variations of it occasionally make the newspapers. Perhaps something ought to be done about it. Perhaps there should be an Association for the Protection of Beauty Contest Winners in America. But I'm afraid I'm not much of a reformer. I haven't saved any lost women; I only make contributions to the Salvation Army. So Miss Cotton from Mississippi had proved unequal to a tough environment. So what could I do? So I wanted to give the hurt kitten the saucer of milk — or bind up the mastiff's wounds. I live in the house by the side of the road, and I can provide milk, bandages, sympathy, and a night's lodging; but I can't provide salvation because I don t know how. I left the room for a few minutes, and when I returned Mamie Stover was back at the window, smoking, watching the lightning and the rain and the roll of the sea. I undressed, pulled on my pajamas, and crawled into the lower bunk. She came and sat on the side of the bunk and looked down at me and smoked her cigaret and held my hand. We didn't speak; no further words were necessary. In her wide gray-blue eyes I could see her loneliness . . . the loneliness of a hound dog under the moon . . . the loneliness of a bruised and discarded woman . . . the loneliness which presses the chest and constricts the throat. I knew she wouldn't voluntarily go back to her own quarters. She hated being alone. She hated other women and she hated being alone. She had to have a man to live. She was that kind. I knew, too, that she had sought me by design. She wanted   to use me as a barrier against loneliness; she wanted to use me to help her in the islands. She had learned in Hollywood that one must use other people; that the way to be secure and successful is to "sleep with Power." I knew she wanted to use me, but while such knowledge depressed me I couldn't hate her for it. I didn't want her — but I couldn't ask her to go back into the darkness alone. When she bent over and laid her cheek against mine, I stroked her hair and tried to respond to her. She clung to me while the rain beat against the window and the ship rolled on through the night. "Shall I turn off the light?" she asked. "Yes." In my bunk she became so desperately hungry that for a moment I feared I'd be unequal to her. She wasn't passive and yielding; she was fierce and wild and strong. She was long-legged, powerful, and aggressive. Her billowing hair and her big, hot mouth almost suffocated me. She clutched and clawed and bit and scratched. She moaned, then screamed so that I had to hold my hand over her mouth lest she rouse the ship. Someone outside might have thought that murder was being done. I went to the shower room 115 and stood for a long time with the hot water beating against my body. I had taken her only because I was drinking and depressed by the weather . . . and because she was hurt and lonely. I hadn't wanted her. She wasn't my kind of woman. She was refuse. Goddam Carroll Craft refuse. Goddam Hollywood refuse. Why don't the Hollywood producers get smart, I thought, and start making money out of their refuse? They ought at least to be as smart as the meat packers. The packers use everything about the pig but the squeal; they don't throw away a goddam hair. The producers throw away too much. They ought to exploit their refuse. In their Big Breast Promotions why don't they publicize their Mamie Stovers sometime as well as the Misses Cinderella Big-Breasts and the Seven Husbands? They made a picture showing how A Star Is Bom; why don't they make one showing how A Whore Is Born? Why don't they make a bigbudget, super-epic about the garbage cans of Fairyland? About Carroll Craft and the scarred and bloody baggage his servants toss over the back fence ? Then I turned on the cold water. What the hell! Where there's winners there's gotta be  losers. Big purses attract big fields, and this means many losers. You can't blame Hollywood. They run the big lottery and create big winners and bounce the many losers out the back door. And the People applaud because the People love a winner and loathe a loser. What do the People care about all those miserable big-breasted wenches who dream and scheme, pray and prey, and yearn and whore but never get anything more than sex and a sock in the face? The People have never wanted Mamie Stover; they don't give a goddam about her or what became of her; they want more of Miss Cinderella Big-Breasts and her Seven Husbands. And what do losers like Mamie Stover deserve anyway? They had their chance, didn't they? Hollywood gave Mamie Stover the opportunity to get out of Leesburg, Mississippi, didn't it? It saved her from having to marry a filling station operator, didn't it? If she didn't have what it takes, what could Hollywood — or I — do about it? I went back into the room, switched off the light, and vaulted into the upper bunk. The sheets felt cool and clean. The window framed the lightning and the rain. I could feel the throb of the ship's engines and the thrust of her propellor. Below me, six feet of woman was sleeping — sleeping because she had had a man and was not alone. Six feet of scarred and defeated protoplasm. She had been run over by the carriage — or rent by the bear — but she was still much too vital to die. 